Diseases: ['amyloid', 'normal', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

There are innumerable T2/FLAIR hyperintensity is present within the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter likely reflective of a combination of perfusional and microvascular ischemic changes. Similar appearing T2 hyperintensities are present to a lesser degree within the pons. There are multiple scattered foci of susceptibility present along the gray-white matter junctions predominately supratentorially which are nonspecific. There are no territorial regions of restricted diffusion. Ventricles and sulci are within normal limits for patient age. Cystic changes are noted within the right hippocampal structure is likely reflective of hippocampal sulcus remnants. Caliber of hippocampal structures are grossly within normal limits for patient age. There is no suspicious parenchymal or meningeal enhancement. No extra cerebral fluid collections focal regions of mass-effect or midline shift. Mild ethmoidal and to lesser degree maxillary mucosal changes are noted. Leftward deviated nasal septum. Probable bilateral lens surgery. Nonspecific mild right mastoid fluid. There spondylotic changes of the upper cervical spine most significantly at C3-4 with focal kyphosis and posterior disk osteophyte complex contributing to at least moderate canal narrowing at this level with focal indentation of the cord.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute ischemia or mass effect. 2. Probable sequela of perfusional and microvascular ischemic changes as detailed. Multiple foci of susceptibility at gray-white matter junctions which are nonspecific but may reflect amyloid angiopathy and/or hypertension. 3. Overall ventricles and sulci are grossly within normal limits for patient age with grossly normal caliber of hippocampal structures. Correlate clinically. 4. Spondylotic changes of the cervical spine as detailed with focal kyphosis at C3-4 with indentation of the cord and at least moderate canal narrowing at this level. Correlate clinically. Consider dedicated cervical spine imaging as clinically warranted.