Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple areas of white matter signal alteration predominantly subcortical with sparing of the cortex best seen on T2-weighted images. Lesions are seen predominately in the bilateral parietal lobes greater on the left as evident on the comparison CT. Other areas are within the left temporoparietal occipital lobe right middle posterior temporal lobe right medial parieto-occipital region right external capsule. Also there are scattered non-specific T2 foci in subcortial left frontal lobe right middle cerebellar peduncle and right ventral pons. The largest lesion in the left parietal lobe extends to the ventricular margin of the left lateral ventricle. There is no enhancement of these lesions. Peripheral restricted diffusion restriction is seen. No foci of susceptibility artifact are seen on the gradient sequences to suggest hemorrhage. Appropriate flow voids are seen of the major intracranial vessels. The calvarium is unremarkable. There is diffuse nonspecific T1 prolongation of the visualized cervical vertebral bodies and patchy within the skull base/clivus consistent with an infiltrative process. Mild mucosal thickening of the inferior maxillary sinuses is noted. The remaining paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. The orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple nonenhancing lesions predominantly subcortical with the largest lesion in the left parietal lobe extending to left lateral ventricle. The imaging characteristics are most consistent with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) however less likely HIV encephalitis or atypical HIV related infection could have this presentation depending on the patient's immunologic status. Correlation with CD4 count is recommended. 2. Nonspecific bone marrow infiltrative process likely related to the patient's HIV. These findings were discussed with and confirmed by Dr. Ahmad on December 11 2009 at 22:04.I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.