Diseases: ['toxoplasmosis', 'encephalitis', 'lymphoma', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

Patient refused intravenous contrast. There is prominence of the ventricles and sulci consistent with generalized cerebral volume loss more than expected for patient's age. No acute intracranial hemorrhage midline shift or hydrocephalus. There are multifocal areas of T2 prolongation involving the bilateral cerebellar hemispheres right greater than left bilateral basal ganglia right temporal lobe and cerebral peduncles bilaterally right greater than left and bilateral medial parieto-occipital subcortical white matter. Scattered foci of T2 prolongation are also noted in the periventricular and subcortical white matter bilaterally. It is not known whether any of these lesions enhance given lack of IV contrast. Differential considerations are broad which include infectious etiologies such as toxoplasmosis or CMV inflammatory changes from demyelination and HIV encephalitis progressive multifocal encephalopathy CNS lymphoma vasculopathy and others. With intravenous contrast this differential can be narrowed somewhat. Most of these areas do not show restricted diffusion except in the right thalamus and right cerebral peduncle/ambient cistern may be related to acute infarctions infection/abscess or less likely lymphoma. Comparison with prior imaging would be helpful. There are encephalomalacic changes in the right medial temporal lobe which may be related to a combination of HSV infection and/or seizures. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are patent. Visualized paranasal sinuses mastoids and orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Patient refused intravenous contrast which limits sensitivity and specificity of this study. 2. Multifocal areas of T2 prolongation both supratentorially in the subcortical white matter and infratentorially with involvement of the basal ganglia and cerebral peduncles without significant mass effect. Differential considerations are broad which include infectious etiologies such as toxoplasmosis or CMV inflammatory changes from demyelination and HIV encephalitis progressive multifocal encephalopathy CNS lymphoma vasculopathy and others. Intravenous contrast and comparison with prior imaging would be helpful. 3. Apparent restricted diffusion in the right thalamus and right cerebral peduncle/ambient cistern may be related to acute infarctions infection/abscess including HSV or less likely lymphoma. Comparison with prior imaging and intravenous contrast would be helpful. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr.Drobish at 11:55 p.m. 10/2/2009.