Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'meningitis', 'hydrocephalus', 'encephalitis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

There are three foci of restricted diffusion in the midline splenium of the corpus callosum periatrial white matter of the left occipital lobe and left insular cortex which may reflect acute ischemia. Differential considerations also include focal encephalitis/cerebritis lymphoma post-ictal changes or demyelination associated with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. There is associated T2 prolongation in these areas. There is cortical T2 prolongation bilaterally most prominently in the frontal lobes right greater than left as well as in the bilateral cerebellar hemispheres which may represent encephalitis/cerebritis or may reflect post-ictal changes if recent seizure. There are scattered areas of sulcal hyperintensity on FLAIR images in the bilateral medial parietal occipital and left posterior frontal lobes as well as in the cerebellar folia. In the setting of infection and leukocytosis in the CSF this likely reflects meningitis. Other etiologies such as subarachnoid hemorrhage and high FiO2 ventilation can give a similar appearance but are less likely given patient's clinical presentation. The ventricles are slightly more prominent than expected for the level of cerebral volume loss. Mild increased T2 signal along the ependymal surface of the lateral ventricles is noted. These findings are nonspecific and can be seen with mild communicating hydrocephalus with early transependymal flow of CSF or ventriculitis. There are subtle foci of susceptibility in the right parietal lobe left frontal lobe and cerebellum nonspecific and which may reflect prior microhemorrhages. There is an old infarct in the left cerebellum. To the extent that they may be evaluated with routine MR imaging the major intracranial vessels are patent at the skull base. The paranasal sinuses show mild mucosal changes changes of the maxillary and sphenoid sinuses. There is near complete opacification of the the mastoid air cells bilaterally. Mild diffusely low T1 signal intensity in the clivus and upper cervical spine is nonspecific may reflect hematologic or infiltrative processes including HIV and chronic anemia. Clinically correlate. Incidental note of right cataract surgery. There is a nasal route tube in place.
IMPRESSION:

1. Three foci of restricted diffusion in the splenium of the corpus callosum left occipital lobe white matter and left insular cortex which may reflect acute ischemia. Differential considerations also include focal encephalitis/cerebritis lymphoma post-ictal changes or demyelinating associated with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in this HIV patient. 2. Cortical T2 prolongation most prominently in the frontal lobes and bilateral cerebellar hemispheres which may represent encephalitis/cerebritis or sequela of seizure. Nonspecific scattered areas of sulcal hyperintensity on FLAIR images which in the setting of infection and leukocytosis in CSF likely reflect meningitis. Other etiologies such as subarachnoid hemorrhage and high FiO2 ventilation can give a similar appearance but are less likely given patient's clinical presentation. 3. Mild ventriculomegaly with mild T2 hyperintensity along the ependymal surface of the lateral ventricles nonspecific may reflect mild communicating hydrocephalus with early transependymal flow of CSF or ventriculitis. 4. Mild diffusely low T1 signal intensity in the clivus and upper cervical spine is nonspecific may reflect hematologic or infiltrative processes including HIV and chronic anemia. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Flesch at 2:40 a.m. 12/15/2009. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report without modification. The combination of abnormalities of the subarachnoid space abnormal CSF evaluation and what appears to be focal areas of restricted diffusion would favor encephalitis and meningitis. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.