Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

Mild diffuse cerebral and cerebellar volume loss. Symmetric T2/FLAIR signal abnormality involving the bilateral centrum semi ovale bilateral anterior / posterior periventricular white matter bilateral caudate nuclei and thalami midbrain pons and possibly involving the dorsal medulla. Suggestion of additional signal abnormality involving the medial temporal lobes and hippocampi. No associated restricted diffusion enhancement or mass effect. Constellation of findings can be seen in setting of direct infection by the HIV virus (HIV encephalitis). Other considerations include progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy or the sequela of underlying toxic/metabolic disorder. Correlation with CSF sampling may prove useful. There is no parenchymal mass hemorrhage or midline shift. No extra-axial fluid collection is present. Diffusion weighted imaging demonstrates no acute infarct. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. Diffusely hypointense marrow signal abnormality involving the visualized cervical spine and calvarium. Findings can be seen in the setting of underlying systemic or hematologic disorder including anemia and HIV. Clinically correlate. Pooled secretions within the nasopharynx related to the presence of an endotracheal tube.
IMPRESSION:

1. Symmetric bilateral signal abnormality involving the cerebral white matter deep gray nuclei and brainstem with possible involvement of the medial temporal lobes. No associated restricted diffusion enhancement or mass effect; however diffuse cerebral/cerebellar volume loss. Constellation of findings can be seen in setting of direct infection by the HIV virus (HIV encephalitis). Other considerations include progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy or the sequela of underlying toxic/metabolic disorder. Correlation with CSF sampling may prove useful. 2. Diffusely hypointense marrow signal abnormality involving the visualized cervical spine and calvarium. Findings can be seen in the setting of underlying systemic or hematologic disorder including anemia and HIV. Clinically correlate.