Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There is diffuse brain volume loss for the patient's stated age. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is high flair signal abnormality with associated restricted diffusion involving the medial temporal lobes bilaterally right greater than left with focal area of contrast enhancement in the medial right temporal lobe. Findings are concerning for HSV encephalitis. Nonspecific region of high flair signal abnormality is present in the right frontal subcortical/periventricular white matter. Nonspecific foci of high T2/flair signal abnormality are also present in the left frontal subcortical white matter. There is prominence of the nasopharyngeal tissues. Multiple cysts are noted in the adenoids bilaterally. An oral route tube is noted. Fluid is pooled in the posterior nasopharynx and oropharynx. There is fluid in the bilateral mastoid air cells. Visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. There is extensive conglomerate lymphadenopathy in the right neck surrounding the right internal jugular vein and right common carotid artery from the C5 through C7 vertebral body levels in the right supraclavicular region with the inferior extent not visualized. These findings are more completely assessed on recent CT cervical spine and CT chest studies. Fluid is present in the soft tissues of the left supraclavicular region. There is reversal of the usual cervical lordosis. Vertebral body height is maintained. There are multilevel degenerative changes with disc space height loss and signal intensity loss as well as osteophyte formation most prominent at the C3-C4 and C5-C6 levels. At C3-C4 there is a disc osteophyte complex that effaces the ventral thecal sac and causes mild distortion of the cord. There is no associated cord signal abnormality. At C5-C6 there is a disc osteophyte complex that partially effaces the ventral thecal sac without distortion of the cord. There is no cord signal abnormality. There is no signal abnormality or abnormal enhancement of the visualized spinal cord. There is high T2 signal intensity along the anterior longitudinal ligament at C4 and C5 representing fluid/edema. Possible injury to the anterior longitudinal ligament cannot be excluded.
IMPRESSION:

1. MRI findings concerning for HSV encephalitis involving the bilateral medial temporal lobes (right greater than left) as above. 2. Fluid/edema along anterior longitudinal ligament at C4/5. See above. Preliminary findings were discussed with Dr. Sarkar.