Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

There is no restricted diffusion. There are foci of signal abnormality in the white matter around the right temporal horn on image 12 of series 4 at the junction of the pons and right brachium pontis on image 9 of series 4 possibly in the right midbrain/pontine junction on image 12 of series 4 possibly in the peri-tectal brainstem region on image 12 of series 4 within the right posterior subinsular white matter on image 15 of series 4 in the right periatrial white matter on image 18 of series 4 in the corpus callosum and on image 21 of series 4 and in the bilateral centrum semiovale see image 22 of series 4. While some of these show high signal on the diffusion weighted images these do not clearly restrict on the ADC maps. On images 14 and 15 of series 4 high signal intensity is seen in the rostral caudal portion of the mid brain more pronounced on the left extending behind the red nucleus. This is in the proximity of the third nerve nucleus. There is no extracerebral fluid collection intraparenchymal hemorrhage or mass-effect. There is no midline shift. No gross abnormality in the region of the superior orbital fissure or cavernous sinus. The study is not tailored to assess this. The tiny area of increased density in the foramen of Monroe on the head CT is not as well seen on the MRI. There is patent intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. Probable fetal origin right posterior cerebral artery with 2-mm small right posterior commuting artery infundibulum versus less likely small aneurysm. Questionable fenestrated appearance of the A1 segment of the right anterior cerebral artery. No regions of focal stenosis. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. There are multiple foci of signal abnormality in the deep periventricular white matter corpus callosum and suggested within the brainstem including findings suggested in the tectum of the midbrain and more pronounced on the left behind the red nucleus where there are fibers of the third nerve. None of these clearly demonstrates restricted diffusion. The patient's clinical history and the distribution of lesions is not classic for small vessel disease and other etiologies including inflammatory and demyelinating must be considered. The patient should return for completion MRI to confirm the presence of these findings that includes repeat diffusion-weighted imaging T2-weighted imaging and post-contrast imaging as the current study is a rapid stroke protocol. 2. 1-2 mm right posterior communicating artery infundibulum versus small aneurysm. No definite aneurysm identified to explain left third nerve palsy. CTA is more definitive in the assessment of aneurysms.