Diseases: ['amyloid', 'aneurysm', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

No acute findings on diffusion-weighted images. Small focus susceptibility right cerebellum additional foci bilateral thalamus and to a lesser extent basal ganglia with a few others more peripherally in frontal and parietal subcortical regions. However on post-contrast FLAIR images there is bright signal intensity throughout sulci which was not evident on the comparison CT. With this extent question of whether this may be artifact but cannot exclude increased protein content and CSF. No susceptibility apparent in the sulci on the gradient echo images. Multiple foci of increased signal intensity on FLAIR images are noted in periventricular deep and subcortical white matter involving to a lesser extent deep gray matter structures. One faint focus of mildly increased intensity in diffusion-weighted images (series 4 image 112) is in proximity to focus of susceptibility favor artifactual over ischemia. MR angiogram circle of Willis shows moderate to marked dolichoectasia right internal carotid system and to a lesser extent the left. Left cavernous aneurysm measures approximately 6 mm also possible less than 3mm posterior communicating or anterior choroidal artery origin aneurysm versus infundibulum on the left the latter less likely given superior orientation. Right intradural vertebral artery is not seen possible fat partial visualization of suboccipital right vertebral artery on inferior most section and possible visualization of small distal intradural vertebral artery possibly refluxing from left. 2-D time-of-flight MRA of the neck was begun but the patient refused to continue with imaging at this point.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple foci of susceptibility supratentorial greater than infratentorial and deep greater than peripheral favor chronic microvascular hypertensive etiology although some are in locations which could indicate component of amyloid angiopathy. 2. No acute findings on diffusion-weighted images faint diffusion abnormality dorsal lateral left thalamus likely artifactual related to blood products and less likely subacute ischemic focus but small. 3. Signal abnormality on FLAIR images in the sulci to an extent that artifact may be present and related to acquisition cannot exclude CSF abnormality such as increased protein content although none clearly seen on CT or other sequences. Correlate clinically and consider CSF sampling if clinically warranted. 4. Possible distal right cervical or proximal intradural vertebral artery pathology right intradural vertebral artery never well seen but faintly visualized although part of suboccipital vertebral artery appeared to show flow-related enhancement. Completion of MR angiogram neck could be obtained when patient better able to tolerate imaging otherwise consider CT angiography if renal function adequate for iodine. 5. Cavernous carotid artery aneurysm on left at about 6mm with possible small less than 3mm left posterior communicating or anterior choroidal artery aneurysm orientation superior less likely to be infundibulum. Moderate/marked dolichoectasia right cavernous carotid.