Diseases: ['amyloid']
FINDINGS:

On T2-weighted images there are moderate to marked patchy hyperintensities in the periventricular and deep white matter extending into subcortical white matter as well. Deep white matter tracts are less involved and there is relative sparing of deep gray matter. Posterior fossa shows no convincing abnormalities. Best seen on diffusion-weighted images however there are foci of acute versus subacute ischemia extending into left precentral gyrus though still probably subcortical and also in right centrum semi ovale and corona radiata. These areas show decreased intensity on ADC maps confirming recent events. These do not enhance. Pattern suggests event(s) less than one week and possibly less than three days old. On gradient echo images there is evidence of abnormal susceptibility along cortex bordering left superior frontal sulcus. There are also multiple punctate foci of susceptibility which are more cortically based in the left frontal and parietal lobes superiorly and to a lesser extent right frontal lobe and parietal lobe. These are consistent with blood products primarily microbleeds but more confluent nature left superior frontal sulcus may represent evidence of prior blood in subarachnoid space and thus these foci of susceptibility may represent amyloid angiopathy. An appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. Best seen on unenhanced axial and coronal postcontrast images there is a mass on both sides of the nasal septum and probably involving the septum (series 10 image 13 and series 11 image 32).
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute versus subacute infarcts right centrum semi ovale/corona radiata and left subcortical white matter under precentral gyrus. This could explain right hand and probably face weakness. Age appears less than one week and possibly less than three days old. Given bilateral findings correlate for proximal source such as cardiac or aortic arch. 2. Moderate white matter hyperintensities on T2-weighted images in periventricular and deep white matter relative sparing of basal ganglia. Pattern is nonspecific but may represent chronic small vessel ischemic changes. 3. Multiple foci of punctate decreased intensity on gradient echo images suggesting old blood products with hemosiderin staining cortex along left superior frontal sulcus. Pattern is most suspicious for amyloid angiopathy. 4. Mass anterior nasal septum concerning for neoplasm possibly squamous cell carcinoma or melanoma. Correlate with direct visualization.