Diseases: ['amyloid']
FINDINGS:

BRAIN: There are a few subcortical nonspecific T2 hyperintense foci nonspecific. No other focal brain parenchymal abnormalities extra-axial fluid collections or mass effect. There are scattered (at least 6) tiny foci of susceptibility nonspecific but mostly peripheral. No evidence of acute infarct or intracranial hemorrhage. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are symmetric and patent. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus. Pituitary fossa and orbits are unremarkable. There is mild opacification of the mastoid air cells. CERVICAL SPINE: Alignment is near-anatomic. No focal suspicious T1-dark lesions in the bone marrow which is otherwise minimally heterogeneous but probably within normal limits for age. Multilevel degenerative changes are noted as follows: C2/3: No significant canal or foraminal narrowing mild spondylotic changes most notably left facet joint. C3/4: Moderate narrowing of disk moderate left greater than right facet and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy marked left and moderate right foraminal narrowing. There is also posterior ridging disk-osteophyte complex with superimposed left paracentral disk protrusion which contributes to narrowing of spinal canal left greater than right to moderate/marked degree. Cord is deformed anterior left but without signal abnormality confirmed on two views. Posterior ligamentous hypertrophy or buckling contribute. C4/5: Marked narrowing of disk posterior ridging disk-osteophyte complex moderate to marked uncovertebral joint and facet hypertrophy marked right greater than left foraminal narrowing moderate/marked narrowing of canal right more than left with deformation cord. Posterior ligamentous hypertrophy or buckling contribute. C5/6: Moderate narrowing of the disk marked left and moderate right facet and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy marked left and moderate right foraminal narrowing moderate spinal stenosis. C6/7: Moderate narrowing of the disk: Posterior ridging disk-osteophyte complex is relatively mild mild-to-moderate uncovertebral joint and facet arthrosis moderate foraminal and mild to moderate canal narrowing with mild deformation cord. C7/T1: Facet arthrosis mild foraminal narrowing related to this and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy but no significant spinal canal narrowing.
IMPRESSION:

1. Nonspecific T2 hyperintense foci in the white matter mild extent and not excessive for age. 2. Nonspecific susceptibility foci in the white matter possibly related to microhemorrhages possibly vascular and/or hypertensive origin if clinical history is consistent though white matter changes on other sequences relatively mild. Findings could represent amyloid angiopathy as well although age a little young for this. 3. Moderate to marked multilevel degenerative changes of the cervical spine worst at C3-4 and C4-5 where there is moderate to marked spinal canal and neural foraminal narrowing. See findings for details. NOTE: The patient has an implanted pacemaker or defibrillator. See technique for details. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.