Diseases: ['hematoma', 'amyloid']
FINDINGS:

The study is degraded by motion artifacts. Within the inferior cerebellar hemispheres bilaterally there is T2 high signal abnormality with restricted diffusion consistent with cytotoxic edema. There is absence of a flow-void visualized within the right vertebral artery (image 4 series 4). There is an area of T1 and T2 high signal intensity with surrounding rim of susceptibility and associated diffusion hyperintensity within the left occipital lobe measuring approximately 1.6 x 4 cm (image 12 series 4) likely representing a late subacute intraparenchymal hematoma. There is mass effect on the left occipital horn of the lateral ventricle but no midline shift. Note: underlying areas of acute/ subacute ischemia may remain obscured. Also an underlying mass lesion cannot be excluded in the absence of intravenous contrast. An additional focus of GRE susceptibility is seen in the right occipital lobe see image 12 of series 8. Note lack of additional foci of susceptibility and findings of related to possible vertebral artery slow flow vs occlusion with acute/ subacute infarcts in the cerebellum make the possibility of amyloid angiopathy less likely. There are foci of signal abnormality with diffusion hyperintensity along the bilateral convexities and vertex some of which could be extra axial in location. On the FLAIR sequence there is increased signal abnormality within the sulci possibly representing subarachnoid blood versus proteinaceous fluid versus sequelae of increased FiO2. There is no hydrocephalus or effacement of the basal cisterns. There is mild mucosal thickening of the paranasal sinuses. Mastoids appear well pneumatized. No suspicious marrow lesions.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multi-compartmental hemorrhage with a left occipital intraparenchymal hematoma possibly extra-axial collections over bilateral frontal convexities and left posterior cortex and FLAIR abnormality within the sulci which could represent subarachnoid blood versus proteinaceous fluid versus sequelae of increased FiO2. An underlying mass within the left occipital lobe cannot be excluded in the absence of intravenous gadolinium contrast. Amyloid angiopathy is a less likely consideration given only a single focus of susceptibility and presence of multiple Acute/ subacute infarcts in the cerebellum. 2. Non visualized flow void of the right vertebral artery slow flow versus occlusion. Additional vascular imaging may be considered as clinically warranted.