Diseases: ['amyloid', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Patient is status post right frontal craniotomy and right frontal lobe biopsy with no significant change in appearance of resection cavity. In addition there is small stable area of encephalomalacia in the left frontal lobe. There are confluent areas of T2/flair hyperintensity in periventricular deep and subcortical white matter especially prominent in the bilateral frontal lobes. Stable area of flair/T2 signal hyperintensity is also noted in the pons. Given difference in technique and imaging angle this findings are predominantly unchanged except for slight increase in conspicuity of white matter lesions in the left parietal subcortical white matter and especially in the right anterior temporal lobe. The gradient images demonstrate susceptibility artifact in the left area of its of ablation suggestive of prior hemorrhage as well as multiple round pinpoint foci of susceptibility in predominantly in the subcortical white matter involving bilateral hemispheres diffusely. The latter is consistent with amyloid angiopathy. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. There is progressive volume loss (since 2006) with stable (since the prior study) prominence of the ventricles bilaterally and minimal ex-vacuo dilatation of the right anterior horn. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear I except for slightly into increased bilateral mucous retention cysts in the maxillary sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes with stable appearance of the right frontal resection cavity. 2. Interval progression of white matter confluent areas of T2/flair hyperintensity especially in the subcortical white matter left parietal and right intervertebral lobes. Given punctate diffuse susceptibility changes in this areas bilaterally on the gradient imaging this is most consistent with known amyloid angiitis. 3. Stable small area of encephalomalacia in the left frontal lobe with evidence of prior hemorrhage.