Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'amyloid', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

There is no evidence of acute ischemia acute hemorrhage mass effect or midline shift. There is an area of encephalomalacia with adjacent T2 prolongation likely gliosis extending from the right precentral gyrus towards the right corona radiata. Another area of encephalomalacia with associated T2 prolongation is noted in the medial right cerebellar hemisphere. In addition there are punctate foci of old infarcts in the bilateral cerebellar hemispheres. Scattered nonspecific areas of T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter are most likely related to chronic small vessel ischemia. There are a few punctate foci of susceptibility in the bilateral frontal and occipital lobes as well as right cerebellar hemisphere predominantly in peripheral distribution most likely related to early amyloid angiopathy rather than hypertensive microhemorrhages. There is parenchymal volume loss with associated changes in the ventricle and subarachnoid spaces. No abnormal enhancement is noted. There is dolichoectasia (up to 5 mm) of the proximal intracranial left vertebral artery. There is minimal mucosal thickening in the bilateral ethmoid air cells. The remainder of paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. There is markedly increased T1 signal within the clivus and to lesser degree visualized cervical spine slightly more than expected for the patient's age. MRA images demonstrate absence of contrast enhancement or flow related signal intensity within the right vertebral artery throughout its entire course. This is consistent with occlusion of this vessel given its presence on the T2 weighted images. In the absence of the acute infarct and presence of chronic ischemic findings in the right cerebellar hemisphere this likely is old. There is also interruption of flow related signal intensity on the time of flight and focal loss of signal on the postcontrast images suggestive of high-grade stenosis (more than 70% by NASCET criteria) at the right carotid bulb with evidence of the flow distally in both internal and external carotid arteries. There is mild approximately 25% by NASCET criteria narrowing of the left carotid bulb. Severe stenosis is noted at the origin of the left external carotid artery. There is tortuous origin of the left vertebral artery with poorly defined signal intensity in the proximal portion suggestive of at least moderate stenosis. There is mild focal dilatation of the proximal right A1 segment up to 3 mm on the postcontrast images which may represent an infundibulum or an aneurysm. No other abnormalities are visualized in the limited evaluation of the intracranial vasculature. Please note that the MRA is less sensitive for the aneurysm less than 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute intracranial abnormality. Encephalomalacia in the right posterior frontal lobe right medial cerebellar hemisphere multiple punctate lacunar infarcts in the bilateral cerebellar hemispheres. Parenchymal volume loss and nonspecific white matter changes most likely related to chronic small vessel ischemia. 2. A few punctate foci of susceptibility in the bilateral frontal and occipital lobes as well as right cerebellar hemisphere predominantly in peripheral distribution most likely related to amyloid angiopathy rather than hypertensive microhemorrhages. 3. There is markedly increased T1 signal within the clivus and to lesser degree visualized cervical spine slightly more than expected for the patient's age. Correlate with prior radiation exposure. 4. Loss of flow related signal within the right vertebral artery throughout its entire extent with presence of this vessel on the T2 weighted images is consistent with right vertebral artery occlusion given absence of the acute infarct and presence of chronic ischemic findings in the right cerebellum this is likely chronic. 5. High-grade stenosis (more than 70% by NASCET criteria) at the right carotid bulb. 6. Mild (approximately 25% by NASCET criteria) narrowing at the left carotid bulb. 7. Severe stenosis at the origin of the left external carotid artery. 8. Tortuous origin of the left vertebral artery with poor visualization of the flow in the proximal portion suggestive of at least moderate stenosis. 9. Questionable 3 mm focal dilatation of the proximal right A1 segment which may represent an infundibulum or an aneurysm. This could be further evaluated with a CT angiogram.