Diseases: ['amyloid', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There are new multiple patchy regions of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity (when compared to 2001 exam) which are predominately periventricular but also present within the deep white matter; while these are nonspecific they probably reflect sequela of microvascular ischemic changes in a patient this age. There is no evidence of restricted diffusion to suggest acute ischemia. There are also multiple foci of susceptibility predominately at the gray-white matter junctions scattered throughout the supratentorial white matter somewhat more prominent in bifrontal regions and occipital regions; distribution of these findings is suggestive of amyloid angiopathy. Encephalomalcic changes involving the medial aspect left parietal lobe and to a lesser degree superior aspect left occipital lobe and superior aspect left temporal lobe with gliotic changes noted medial left parietal and occipital region; findings are similar morphologically to most recent prior MRI brain but overall volume loss in this region has progressed from prior MRI in 2001. This is superimposed on generalized prominence of sulci increasing from 2001 with progression of lateral and third ventriculomegaly likely secondary to underlying parenchymal volume loss. There are no extracerebral fluid collections focal regions of mass effect or midline shift. Following demonstration of contrast there is no pathologic enhancement. No discrete suspicious marrow signal abnormalities. The patient is status post bilateral lens surgery. There is rightward septal deviation. Prominent lobulated mucosal changes are noted of the left aspect sphenoid sinus and bilateral maxillary sinuses similar in appearance to most recent prior exam however progressed from 2001. Mild ethmoidal mucosal changes. Trace layering fluid left frontal sinus. Right frontal sinus appears aplastic. Trace fluid left mastoid air cells. Questionable punctate T2 hyperintensity noted along the ventral aspect at C1-2 not clearly seen on the other imaging sequences and may be artifactual
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval progression of predominately periventricular but also deep and subcortical white matter signal abnormalities when compared to 2001 exam likely sequela of microvascular ischemic change. No evidence of acute ischemia. 2. Multiple foci of susceptibility predominately at the gray-white matter junctions supratentorially. Overall the distribution of these findings is suggestive of amyloid angiopathy. 3. Progression of generalized parenchymal volume loss. This is most conspicuous in the left parietal and superior occipital region and to a lesser degree left temporal region which was in a region of prior but more subtle encephalomalacia; encephalomalcia in this region is likely more conspicious due to generalized parenchymal volume loss. Increasing caliber of lateral and third ventricles is probably ex vacuo in origin. 4. Progressive lobulated mucosal changes of the paranasal sinuses as detailed. Correlate for signs of sinonasal inflammation.