Diseases: ['amyloid']
FINDINGS:

There are faint foci of increased signal on B1000 diffusion-weighted sequences in the right middle frontal gyrus and right prefrontal gyrus without discrete abnormality on ADC map with associated increased T2/FLAIR signal with associated gyral greater than subcortical enhancement consistent with evolving subacute infarcts. No suspicious extra-axial fluid collections. There are multiple foci susceptibility which appear left greater than right in the region of the gray-white matter junctions as well as in the left medial hypothalamus versus thalamus. Incidental susceptibility is noted within the basal ganglia consistent with calcifications. Generalized focal volume loss with resultant ventriculomegaly. Scattered periventricular subcortical and deep white matter T2/FLAIR signal prolongation. Additional focus of enhancement is seen in the left parieto-occipital region see image number 20 of series 8 and image number 83 of series 6 where there may be a faint focus of diffusion hyperintensity with tiny specks of susceptibility and may represent additional small focus of evolving subacute ischemia. No suspicious meningeal enhancement. Intracranial vascular flow signal is within normal limits. Mild ethmoidal and left sphenoid air cell T2 prolongation consistent with mild sinus disease. Mild heterogeneity is noted of the clivus and upper cervical vertebral body marrow uncertain etiology.
IMPRESSION:

1. Likely evolving subacute infarcts in the right middle frontal gyrus right prefrontal gyrus and left parietal occipital region in a background of diffuse chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Clinical correlation and follow up is suggested. 2. Multiple foci of susceptibility possibly representing hypertensive/ amyloid angiopathy. 3. Mild marrow heterogeneity of the clivus upper cervical vertebral bodies differential is broad and may represent both benign and malignant marrow replacement processes. Consider further evaluation with dedicated cervical spine MRI for further assessment of the marrow. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.