Diseases: ['amyloid']
FINDINGS:

There is no significant interval change when compared to prior MR. There is stable restricted diffusion and mild expansion with associated T2 prolongation in the inframedial left frontal lobe and left anterior insula in the vascular distribution of the left anterior cerebral artery. The ADC map in this region has normalized. These findings are consistent with a subacute left ACA territory infarct. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are symmetric and patent. No acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect midline shift or abnormal extra-axial fluid collection. No convincing abnormal parenchymal or meningeal enhancement. Stable scatter foci of periventricular subcortical and in the white matter T2 prolongation consistent with sequela of chronic small vessel and perfusional ischemia. Stable small chronic left cerebellar infarct. There are scattered foci of punctate cortical/subcortical susceptibility in the bilateral cerebral hemispheres and basal ganglia nonspecific may be related to microhemorrhages from hypertension or amyloid angiopathy. Visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. MR angiogram of the circle of Willis demonstrate widely patent anterior and posterior circulations. The bilateral A1 and M1 segments demonstrate no focal stenosis. No aneurysm seen. There is no vascular occlusion. The right intradural vertebral artery is dominant. There is a mild focal stenosis of the left intradural vertebral artery just proximal to the left PICA take-off. The basilar and posterior cerebral arteries are widely patent. MR perfusion images demonstrate no elevated cerebral blood volume to the region of signal abnormalities in the left anterior insula and inferomedial left frontal lobe. Multi-voxel MR spectroscopic interrogation of the left inferior frontal lobe is noncontributory.
IMPRESSION:

1. Advanced and conventional imaging findings are most consistent with subacute infarct in the left ACA territory with involvement of the left inframedial frontal lobe and anterior insula. See above. 2. Widely patent intracranial anterior and posterior circulations. Mild left vertebral artery stenosis just proximal to the left PICA take-off. 3. Scattered foci of punctate cortical/subcortical susceptibility in the bilateral cerebral hemispheres and basal ganglia nonspecific may be related to microhemorrhages from hypertension or amyloid angiopathy. 4. Probable sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia.