Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

Susceptibility from right periorbital metallic density limits assessment of the right coronal soft tissues right orbit and right perisylvian region. Questionable focus of restricted diffusion adjacent to the region of the most proximal aspect of the left trigeminal nerve and without definite anatomic correlate likely artifactual. No suspicious parenchymal foci of restricted diffusion. No extra-axial fluid collections. Multiple scattered foci of susceptibility scattered throughout the cerebral hemispheres predominately at the gray-white matter junctions which are nonspecific however may be seen in the setting of hypertensive/ amyloid angiopathy overall unchanged from prior exam. Status post right middle cerebral artery infarction with associated cystic encephalomalacia volume loss and ex vacuo ventricular dilatation grossly unchanged. Innumerable T2/FLAIR hyperintensities within the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter and to a lesser extent the right caudate and putamen which are overall stable appearance from prior exam consistent with small vessel ischemic changes. Scattered foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensities are present within the cerebellum image 6 and 7 of series 3 likely representing prior cerebellar infarcts which have increased in conspicuity from prior exam. No regions of mass-effect. Generalized parenchymal volume loss with resultant ventriculomegaly. Faint focus of T1 shortening on coronal postcontrast images of the right cerebellum image 27 series 10 not confirmed on other series and likely artifactual. No definite evidence of parenchymal or meningeal enhancement. Intracranial vascular flow voids are maintained; dolichoectasia of the vertebral artery suggested and mild beading of the left M1 suggestive of atherosclerotic vascular disease. Imaged marrow signal is within normal limits. The left orbit is within normal limits. Ethmoidal and maxillary mucosal changes.
IMPRESSION:

1. No definite evidence of acute parenchymal ischemia. Questionable focus of increased signal on diffusion weighted imaging adjacent to the origin of the left trigeminal nerve is highly favored to be artifactual. 2. Sequela of chronic microvascular ischemic disease with unchanged appearance of the right middle cerebral artery infarction. Chronic appearing cerebellar infarcts are suggested which are new in appearance from prior exam. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report. Metallic susceptibility artifact overlying right zygomatic arch degrading adjacent image quality. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.