Diseases: ['hematoma', 'amyloid']
FINDINGS:

The intracranial arterial tree is markedly abnormal in appearance in that there is diffuse fusiform dilatation of all of the intracranial arteries. In addition there is a focal area fusiform dilatation involving the vertebrobasilar junction on the right and extending into the proximal basilar artery measuring up to 1.7 cm in maximal diameter. It is compressing and deforming the adjacent medulla and pons. Portions of this focal area of dilatation demonstrate heterogeneous signal intensity on both T1 and T2 weighted sequences suggesting intraluminal thrombus. In the anterior circulation there is fusiform dilatation of both the intracranial internal carotid arteries left greater than right. On the left there is also a focal area of fusiform dilatation of the ICA bifurcation which extends into the A1 segment of the left ACA.Bilateral anterior cerebral arteries (left greater than right) and anterior communicating artery also demonstrate diffuse fusiform dilatation. There is a 7 mm subdural extraaxial fluid collection along the right parietal region. A small amount of blood is seen layering within the posterior horn of the left lateral ventricle. There are multiple punctate foci of hemorrhage at the gray-white matter junctions and in bilateral basal ganglia thalami and left external capsule. In addition there are scattered foci of subarachnoid hemorrhage.Prominence of the ventricles and sulci is consistent with volume loss however there is more than expected for patient's stated age. Multiple lacunar infarcts are present in the bilateral basal ganglia and thalami and pons. Multiple areas of periventricular and subcortical T2 hyperintensity are likely related to chronic small vessel ischemic disease.There is mild dural enhancement likely related to the subdural hematoma. No focal parenchymal areas of abnormal enhancement are seen.Minimal mucosal thickening is seen in the sphenoid and ethmoid sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Diffuse fusiform dilatation of all of the intracranial arteries in both the anterior and posterior circulations with more focal areas of fusiform dilatation in the right vertebrobasilar junction proximal basilar artery left internal carotid artery bifurcation and anterior communicating artery as detailed above. Further evaluation with CTA recommended. Fusiform dilatation of the basilar artery exerts mass effect upon the brainstem.2. Small right subdural hematoma multiple punctate areas of parenchymal hemorrhage and scattered foci of subarachnoid and intraventricular hemorrhage. Possible etiologies include hypertension amyloid angiopathy trauma (DAI) and vasculitis. Clinical correlation advised.3. Chronic ssequela of small vessel ischemic disease including multiple lacunar infarcts as detailed above.4. Volume loss of brain parenchyma greater than expected for stated age. These results were discussed with Dr. Bauman on 8/12/06 at 5pm.