Diseases: ['meningioma', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Generalized volume loss again noted. No mass effect midline shift or hydrocephalus. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collection. Moderate scattered areas of T2 prolongation noted in the periventricular and subcortical white matter most of which are nonspecific but likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. T2 prolongation also seen in the left parietotemporal cortex and insula. There is mildly restricted diffusion involving the anterior left insular cortex compatible with acute to subacute infarct. There is no restricted diffusion involving the posterior insula or left parietotemporal cortex but this area does demonstrate gyriform contrast enhancement suggesting an older subacute infarct. Redemonstration of an intraventricular mass in the left atrium measuring 1.6 x 1.7 cm with restricted diffusion and fairly homogeneous contrast enhancement most likely related to a meningioma. A prominent flow void is seen in the region of the basilar tip on the axial T2 sequence. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear. Orbits unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute to subacute infarct involving the anterior left insular cortex. Findings also suggestive of an older subacute infarct in the left posterior insula and parieto-temporal cortex. 2. Enhancing intraventricular mass in the left atrium most likely related to a meningioma. 3. Parenchymal atrophy and sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. 4. Prominent flow void in the region of the basilar tip seen only on the axial T2 sequence. While this may be artifactual a small aneurysm cannot be excluded and CTA or MRA could be obtained to further evaluate this. Attending note: I agree with the report above and have personally reviewed the images. Specifically the brainstem appears unremarkable and there does appear to be flow in the basilar artery. Enhanced scan does suggest that the extent of infarct involves much more of the left hemisphere than the insula.