Diseases: ['amyloid', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Brain: There has been prior left posterior parietal-occipital craniotomy. Heterogeneous signal is seen through the posterior left temporal occipital and parietal lobes concordant with the postoperative changes and significant parenchymal hemorrhage seen on the prior CT dated August 24 2009. A moderate rim of edema is seen surrounding the intraparenchymal hemorrhage and surgical cavity. Since the prior CT there has been reduction in the amount of postoperative pneumocephalus. Interventricular extension of hemorrhage with blood layering posteriorly within the occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle is stable. There is mass effect created by the surgical cavity and hemorrhage with mild medialization of the left temporal uncus and mild effacement of the left cerebral hemisphere sulci. There is minimal rightward midline shift unchanged. There is diffuse abnormal signal within the sulci of the bilateral cerebral hemispheres consistent with a mild to moderate amount of subarachnoid hemorrhage. Periventricular white matter changes right greater than left are most consistent with chronic small vessel ischemic disease. There is no evidence of acute infarction on the diffusion weighted images. As precontrast images were not obtained evaluation of the post gadolinium images is suboptimal. There is wispy curvilinear T1 shortening within the surgical cavity which likely represents blood products. Pathologic enhancement considered less likely. Cervical spine: The cervical vertebral bodies are normal in height and alignment. There are multi-level degenerative changes with endplate sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation. This is most prominent in the C5-6 C6-7 and C7-T1 levels. There is no evidence of disruption of the anterior or posterior longitudinal ligament or the ligamentum flavum. No edema of the posterior soft tissues to suggest interspinous ligament injury is identified. There is no widening of the intervertebral disc space facet joint or interspinous distance. Degenerative changes contribute to moderate central canal stenosis at the C4 through C6-7 levels with indentation of the thecal sac. No cord compression is identified. The cervical cord is normal in caliber and signal characteristic. MRA brain: The right vertebral artery is mildly hypoplastic. The remainder of the vertebral basilar system is unremarkable. The left internal carotid artery is normal in course and caliber there is no evidence of aneurysm or dissection. At the origin of the left posterior communicating artery there is small degree of expansion of the left internal carotid arteries likely representing a posterior communicating artery infundibulum; aneurysm considered less likely. There is an abnormal appearance of the distal right internal carotid artery which is bifurcated to the level of the petrous portion. The remainder of the right internal carotid artery is unremarkable. Note is made of fenestration of the anterior communicating artery. MRA neck: The origins of the great vessels are unremarkable. The left common internal and external carotid arteries are unremarkable in course and caliber. There is no evidence of stenosis or aneurysm. The right common and external carotid arteries are unremarkable. There is bifurcation of the right internal carotid artery just distal to the carotid bulb; this separation of the right internal carotid artery extends through the remainder of the C1 portion to the origin of the petrous carotid on the right. The right vertebral artery is mildly hypoplastic.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post left posterior parieto-occipital craniotomy with resection of the large intraparenchymal hemorrhage cavity and residual blood products and edema. These cause mass effect on the left cerebral hemisphere with minimal left uncal herniation. No convincing evidence of pathologic enhancement although evaluation is limited due to lack of precontrast T1 weighted images. Differential diagnosis includes hemorrhagic transformation of an ischemic infarct trauma and amyloid angiopathy. Hemorrhagic tumor and vascular malformation are considered less likely due to lack of pathologic enhancement. However due to large amount of hemorrhage/mass effect small lesions may be obscured at this time and follow up may be indicated. 2. Mild diffuse subarachnoid hemorrhage. 3. Abnormal configuration of the extracranial right internal carotid artery which appears be duplicated. This likely represents a rare anatomic variant. See Chess et al American Journal of Neuroradiology Vol 16 Issue 7 1545-1547. 4. Probable infundibulum at the origin of the left P.Com. Aneurysm considered less likely. 5. Moderate degenerative changes of the cervical spine with moderate central canal stenosis at C4 through C6-7 without cord abnormality. Findings discussed with Dr. Macyszyn at 8:00 PM.