Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

The study is motion degraded. There are areas of FLAIR signal abnormalities within the subarachnoid space is in the frontoparietal regions at the vertex. In addition there are areas of cortical FLAIR hyperintensity symmetrically involving bilateral paramedian frontal posterior parietal and occipital lobes. In addition there is symmetric T2/FLAIR hyperintensity involving the basal ganglia bilaterally. There is left greater than right FLAIR hyperintensity of the thalami and foci of T2 prolongation in the brainstem. There is no associated restricted diffusion or susceptibility artifact. Postcontrast images demonstrate enhancement of the sulci and diffuse dural enhancement. No abnormal parenchymal enhancement is seen. Visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. Orbits are grossly normal. MRV is negative for thrombosis. In addition appropriate flow voids are seen in the venous system including the deep cerebral veins on conventional MR sequences. Incidental note is made of a hypoplastic left venous system. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segements. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. Linear filling defect seen in the proximal right cavernous ICA is felt to be artifactual as this cannot be confirmed on the source images. Evaluation of the cervical vessels is limited by motion artifact. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Significant T2 signal abnormalities are seen within the brain as described above. Given the distribution of signal abnormality it is most likely that there are multiple processes that are involved. The cortical FLAIR abnormality in the paramedian regions of the frontal posterior parietal and occipital lobes bilaterally may be related to recent seizure activity. The signal abnormality involving the deep gray matter structures is of uncertain etiology. This pattern is typical of that seen in thrombosis of the deep cerebral veins however MRV and conventional MRI sequences reveal that the deep cerebral veins are patent. It is possible that a thrombus was present initially but had resolved before imaging was acquired. Alternatively given the symmetry of the signal abnormality a toxic or metabolic encephalopathy is also included on the differential. Correlate with clinical and laboratory findings. The signal abnormality within the cortical sulci may be related to proteinaceous material including blood products and/or related to hyperoxygenation from being ventilated. An atypical appearance to posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome is also a possibility but felt to be less likely since most of the signal abnormality involves the gray matter. Involvement of the basal ganglia can be seen in PRES but not commonly. Close follow-up advised. 2. Patency of the intracranial circulation as above. There is no vessel irregularity on MRA to suggest the presence of vasculitis. 3. Patency of the neck vasculature. Results of this study were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Mackenzie at 2 pm on 9/21/07.