Diseases: ['infarction', 'amyloid']
FINDINGS:

MRI Brain: There is a large area of diffusion restriction in the left posterior temporal lobe with smaller foci of diffusion restriction in the left perirolandic region left posterior parietal lobe and left posterior corona radiata with associated FLAIR hyperintensity minimal local mass effect findings consistent with acute infarcts. Previously reported left corona radiata hyperdensity correlates to a small focus of susceptibility consistent with small focus of hemorrhage associated with an area of acute infarct. Additional smaller foci of susceptibility in the cerebellum with faint associated FLAIR signal abnormality likely represent old microhemorrhages. No midline shift or hydrocephalus. There are numerous small less than 5 mm enhancing foci in bilateral cerebral and cerebellar hemispheres e.g. right superior frontal lobe (image 29 series 30) the left superior frontal lobe (image 28-29) the left posterior temporo-occipital region (image 13 14) and cerebellum (image 7 8 9). Many of these are associated with tiny foci of susceptibility for example see image 21 and 22 and 5 and 6 of series 15. Susceptibility in both basal ganglia related to mineralization. Mild volume loss. There is right anterior ethmoid air cell as well as right mastoid opacification. No abnormalities seen in the visualized nasopharynx. MRA: There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries from their origins off of the subclavian arteries to the vertebral basilar junction. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. Incidentally noted is a bovine arch anatomy normal variant. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Moderate sized acute infarction in the left posterior temporal lobe with smaller foci of infarcts in the left left perirolandic region left posterior parietal lobe and corona radiata. Previously noted hyperdense focus in the left corona radiata correlates to a small acute infarct with associated microhemorrhage. 2. Numerous small enhancing foci scattered throughout the cerebral and cerebellar hemispheres without associated local mass effect. Diagnostic possibilities include: a) Vascular etiologies such as CNS vasculitis especially in view of areas of acute ischemia and multiple microhemorrhages and scattered tiny foci of enhancement. Associated component of cerebral amyloid angiopathy is a possibility. b) Cardioembolic phenomenon with component of sepsis. c) Other infectious/inflammatory conditions. d) Metastases considered less likely. No known history of primary neoplasm at this time. 3. Patency of the intracranial circulation and neck vasculature. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. According to the neuro ICU physician patient presented to an outside hospital with acute onset of right hand weakness and expressive aphasia. Blood pressure was found to be systolic 110 mmHg. Enroute to the hospital his weakness resolved aphasia persisted. Patient was on Coumadin for DVT. A few months ago around May 2013 patient complained of vertigo falling to the left evaluated by outside neurologist with reportedly negative MRI and MRA and negative carotid ultrasound. No images available for review at the time of this dictation. No known history of cancer. Recommendations: Correlation with clinical/CSF findings comparison with prior outside hospital imaging consideration to catheter angiography and followup is recommended.