Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Post-surgical changes again noted from a right temporal craniotomy with interval evolution of post-surgical changes in the right middle cranial fossa. Previously seen air in the surgical cavity has resolved with a small amount of blood products and fluid remaining. There has been interval progression of T2 prolongation surrounding the surgical cavity with new signal abnormality extending superiorly from the surgical cavity into the right frontal lobe with mild extension into the anterior right parietal lobe. There has also been progression of dural thickening and enhancement along the surgical cavity with new dural thickening and enhancement extending superiorly over the right frontal lobe with possible small component of leptomeningeal enhancement as well. There is localized mass effect manifested by sulcal effacement but no significant midline shift. Ventricles remain stable in size. On the diffusion-weighted sequence there are scattered areas of slightly increased signal involving the surgical cavity likely related to residual blood products. There are no convincing areas of acute ischemia/infarct and the extra-axial fluid overlying the surgical cavity does not demonstrate restricted diffusion. Scattered areas of T2 prolongation throughout the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter are relatively stable in distribution. Old left cerebellar infarct noted. Mild mucosal thickening noted in the paranasal sinuses. Mastoid air cells are clear with interval resolution of previously seen fluid in the right mastoid air cells. Orbits unremarkable. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. A right posterior communicating artery is visualized. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. Although a dedicated MR venogram was not performed the dural venous sinuses are patent on the provided sequences.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post-surgical changes are again noted from right temporal craniotomy. Interval progression of dural thickening and enhancement around the surrounding surgical cavity with new dural thickening and enhancement extending over the right frontal lobe. Findings are concerning for recurrence/progression of meningioma. Infection is also a consideration although thought to be less likely given the lack of diffusion restriction involving the overlying fluid. 2. Interval increase in signal abnormality surrounding the surgical cavity with new extension into the right frontal and parietal lobes. This is likely related to vasogenic edema with localized mass effect and sulcal effacement but no significant midline shift. 3. Stable scattered signal abnormalities throughout the white matter nonspecific and which may represent sequela of small vessel ischemic disease but greater than expected for the patient's age. 4. Patency of the intracranial vasculature. Findings were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Grady of the neurosurgery department on 2/2/2009 at approximately 6:30 p.m. FINAL ATTENDING