Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There is a 4.7 x 3.7 cm interparenchymal hemorrhage within the right frontal lobe with surrounding vasogenic edema. Associated mass effect is noted including sulcal effacement compression upon the right lateral ventricle and 3 mm of midline shift to the left grossly stable. A well-circumscribed homogeneously enhancing lesion in the right occipital lobe is in keeping with a meningioma. No other areas of abnormal meningeal or parenchymal enhancement however intrinsic T1 shortening within the hemorrhage limits evaluation for contrast enhancement within that region. The ventricles sulci and basal cisterns are patent. There are no areas of restricted diffusion to suggest acute ischemia or. Mild mucosal thickening and small mucous retention cyst noted within a right maxillary sinus. On the MRA of the head the left vertebral artery is dominant. The basal arteries patent. The distal internal carotid arteries appear normal. The P1 and M1 segments are patent bilaterally. The right A1 segment is hypoplastic. The left A1 segment is normal in appearance. There are no areas of focal stenosis or aneurysm identified. Please note that MRA was not performed through the entirety of the hematoma. On the MRV of the head the sagittal straight transverse and sigmoid venous sinuses are patent without evidence of occlusion or thrombosis. The central jugular veins are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Right frontal lobe intraparenchymal hemorrhage with surrounding vasogenic edema and associated mass effect and midline shift as detailed above. No evidence of abnormal enhancement to suggest underlying neoplasm however evaluation is limited with intrinsic T1 shortening from the hemorrhage. Repeat MRI is suggested after resolution of the hemorrhage. No evidence of abnormal vasculature to suggest arteriovenous malformation however MRA was not performed through the entirety of the hematoma. Repeat MRA or conventional angiography recommended for further evaluation. 2. Right occipital meningioma. 3. Unremarkable MRA and MRV of the head with no focal stenosis or aneurysm. These findings were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Lang on March 25 2009 at 1520 hours.