Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Post-surgical changes again noted from suboccipital craniectomy and left-sided craniotomy. Redemonstration of cerebellar hemorrhages left greater than right with edema throughout the cerebellar hemispheres compression of the fourth ventricle and herniation of the cerebellum through the craniectomy defect. Overall these findings appear grossly stable given differences in technique. Small fluid collection at the craniectomy defect is likely related to a small pseudomeningocele. Susceptibility artifact from aneurysm clip in the left parasellar region partially obscures evaluation of this area. Edema noted in the left inferior frontal lobe likely post-surgical in nature. Left scalp soft tissue swelling and air again noted. Small extra-axial collection over the left frontal lobe appears relatively unchanged. Right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter is stable with tip within the third ventricle. Ventricles remain stable in size with dilation of the lateral and third ventricles. Stable intraventricular blood in the right occipital horn. Periventricular T2 prolongation may be related to transependymal flow of CSF. Additional scattered foci of T2 prolongation throughout the cerebral hemispheres are nonspecific and may be related to small vessel ischemic disease. Diffuse T2 hyperintense signal abnormality noted throughout the cortical sulci. Scattered areas of susceptibility are noted on the blood-sensitive sequence probably related to chronic hypertensive microhemorrhages. Blood products again noted along the right ventricular catheter tract. No evidence of new intracranial hemorrhage. Two foci of restricted diffusion are noted one in the high left frontal lobe and another in the right parietal lobe. Following contrast administration there is no definite pathologic enhancement. Mucosal thickening again noted throughout the paranasal sinuses with fluid level in the right maxillary sinus and fluid in the bilateral mastoid air cells. Endotracheal and nasal route tubes are in place. Orbits unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable changes of decompressive suboccipital craniectomy cerebellar hemorrhages and edema with compression of the fourth ventricle and herniation of the cerebellum through the craniectomy defect. 2. Stable hydrocephalus and right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter. Periventricular signal abnormality may be related to transependymal flow of CSF. Stable intraventricular blood. 3. Scattered nonspecific foci of signal abnormality throughout the white matter likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. There are also scattered foci of hemosiderin deposition probably related to chronic hypertensive microhemorrhages. 4. Two small foci of restricted diffusion possibly related to small embolic infarcts. 5. Stable post-surgical changes from clipping of a left ICA aneurysm. 6. Diffuse T2 hyperintense signal abnormality noted throughout the cortical sulci which may be related to intubation and/or evolving subarchnoid blood.