Diseases: ['thrombosis', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

There is evidence of prior left mastoidectomy which is compatible with provided history of malignant otitis externa status post mastoidectomy per medicine sign out note in electronic medical record dated 9/22/13. There is near complete opacification of the residual left mastoid air cells and middle ear cavity. There is extensive abnormal low T1 bone marrow signal involving left temporal bone which extends anteriorly to the left petrous apex lateral aspect of the clivus and basisphenoid and posteriorly to the left occipital condyle. There is a 11 x 7 mm T2 hyperintense focus in the left petrous apex (series 5 image 9) which may represent a small collection. Also there is extensive soft tissue phlegmon extending into the deep spaces of the neck with involvement of the left parapharyngeal carotid parotid and masticator spaces and into the retropharyngeal/left prevertebral spaces. The left retrocondylar fat is obscured (series 7 image 3). There is asymmetric signal abnormality in tissue surrounding the left mandibular condyle as well as suggestion of increased joint space which are suggestive of left temporomandibular joint involvement. More medially the inflammatory changes causing bulging of the left lateral wall of nasopharynx (series 7 image 5 and series 9 image 20) and slightly more inferiorly and posteriorly there is T2 hyperintense focus in the the left perivertebral muscle measuring approximately 11 x 10 mm (series 5 image 5 corresponding to previously seen focal hypoattenuation on prior CT likely representing infected fluid collection/phlegmonous change. Overall appearance/patency of the external auditory canal appears unchanged compared to prior neck CT. There is area of restricted diffusion in the left centrum semiovale white matter (series 3 image 82) which is suggestive of an internal border zone watershed infarction. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. Mild bilateral proptosis which is unchanged from prior neck CT. Bilateral cavernous sinuses are fairly symmetric Soft tissue phlegmon encasing the distal cervical segment of the left internal carotid artery. There is marked narrowing of distal cervical segment of left internal carotid artery (series 11 image 56 and series 13 image one). Further superiorly in the petrous segment of internal carotid artery there is wall irregularity and increased diameter of the vessel which measures 0.7 x 0.7 cm on axial plane and approximately 2 cm in craniocaudal dimension (series 11 image 86 series 13 image 1). There is associated surrounding crescentic T1 shortening (series 7 image 6). These findings are most compatible with left internal carotid artery dissection with subacute clot in the false lumen. Other differential consideration for this finding is aneurysmal dilatation including mycotic aneurysm. The remainder of intracranial circulation is patent including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the right intracranial internal carotid artery and bilateral the A1 and M1 segments. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. There is decreased flow void related to the left internal jugular vein probably patent. In addition there is decreased signal in the region of left transverse sinus which is concerning for sinus thrombosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Above findings are suggestive of complicated otomastoiditis with extensive left skull base osteomyelitis extending into the the left temporomandibular joint multiple left neck spaces as detailed above complicated by dissection of distal cervical and petrous segments of the left internal carotid artery and possible transverse sinus thrombosis. 2. Small internal border zone watershed infarction in left centrum semiovale white matter which could be embolic from ipsilateral carotid dissection. 3. A T2 hyperintense focus in the the left perivertebral muscle measuring approximately 11 x 10 mm (series 5 image 5) corresponding to previously seen focal hypoattenuation on prior CT likely representing infected fluid collection/phlegmonous change.