Diseases: ['normal', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

C2-C3: There is broad disc/osteophyte complex uncovertebral and facet hypertrophy resulting in mild to moderate right neural foramen narrowing. There is no significant spinal canal stenosis. Abnormal T2 signal in the right and central spinal cord in keeping with a demyelinating disease. C3-C4: There is broad disc/osteophyte complex uncovertebral and facet hypertrophy as well as infolding of the ligamentum flavum. Degenerative findings result in moderate to severe bilateral neural foramina narrowing as well as minimal compression of the right posterior lateral cord at C4 probably from ligament hypertrophy (image 14 of series 16). There is moderate spinal canal stenosis. C4-C5: There is broad disc/osteophyte complex uncovertebral and facet hypertrophy resulting in severe bilateral neural foramina narrowing . There is mild to moderate spinal canal stenosis. Abnormal T2 signal in the right and central spinal cord in keeping with a demyelinating disease. C5-C6: There is broad disc/osteophyte complex uncovertebral and facet hypertrophy resulting in moderate to severe right and severe left neural foramen narrowing. There is moderate spinal canal stenosis. Abnormal T2 signal in the right and central spinal cord at C5 in keeping with a demyelinating disease. C6-C7: There is broad disc/osteophyte complex uncovertebral and facet hypertrophy resulting in severe bilateral neural foramen narrowing. There moderate to severe spinal canal stenosis. C7-T1: There is broad disc/osteophyte complex uncovertebral and facet hypertrophy resulting in moderate lateral neural foramen narrowing. There is no significant spinal canal stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple white matter lesions above and below the tentorium as detailed above parenchymal volume loss probably top normal for age. Many of the lesions are at the callosal-septal margin in the corpus callosum and in juxta ventricular locations with ovoid shape suspicious for demyelinating process. Other lacunar and cortical infarcts and probable sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease as detailed above. 2. Likely subacute hemorrhagic lacunar infarct in left putamen. 3. Multiple cervical cord lesions without enhancement multi-focal and eccentric none enhance possibly a sequela of demyelination process. 4. Nonspecific mass at the right cerebellopontine angle and pontomedullary cistern possibly complex cyst probably stable from prior CT. A partially thrombosed aneurysm cannot be completely excluded. Probable dolichoectasia of the basilar artery as well. Follow-up CT angiogram is suggested to further characterize. 5. Multilevel degenerative cervical spine disease worst at C3-4 and C6-C7; see above comments.