Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

Within the left ventrolateral thalamus there is a focus of increased signal on diffusion weighted imaging with pseudonormalization on ADC map and FLAIR hyperintensity. Susceptibility within the anterior right parietal lobe related to prior craniotomy for evacuation of intraparenchymal hemorrhage may limit sensitivity for detection of ischemia in the right parietal region. There are no areas of restricted diffusion. Status post right parietal craniotomy. Cystic right parietal encephalomalacia tracks to the posterior body/atrium of the right lateral ventricle and may communicate with the right lateral ventricle; there is peripheral FLAIR hyperintensity which may represent some degree of gliosis given the lack of mass effect. Associated hemosiderin staining and susceptibility likely representing a combination of prior intraparenchymal hemorrhage/postsurgical change. Scattered other FLAIR hyperintensities within the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter are nonspecific however likely represent sequela of microvascular ischemic disease. Scattered basal ganglia and thalamic and left medial pons lacunae. Right inferior cerebellar focus of encephalomalacia likely representing sequela of prior ischemia. No extra-axial fluid collections. No focal regions of mass-effect. Mild parenchymal volume loss. Mild right ex vacuo ventriculomegaly. Cystic appearance of the sellar contents which does not suppress on flair imaging without chiasmatic mass effect. Small left MCA bifurcation aneurysm are appreciated on prior CT; otherwise imaged flow-voids have an unremarkable appearance. Frontal ethmoidal and maxillary mucosal changes. Left maxillary mucous retention cyst versus polyp. Hypointense appearance C2 vertebral body marrow which is more prominent adjacent to the inferior endplate in the region of known spondylosis from prior CT angiogram.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarction. Nonspecific lesion in the left ventrolateral thalamus cannot exclude subacute ischemia. Sequela of microvascular ischemic disease as above. Known left middle cerebral artery aneurysm better appreciated on prior CT head angiogram 2. Postsurgical changes related to right parietal craniotomy for evacuation of intraparenchymal hemorrhage. 3. Cystic appearance of the sellar contents which does not suppress on FLAIR imaging. Differential considerations would include cystic change within a sellar mass such as a adenoma. Atypical appearance of Rathke cleft cyst or cystic craniopharyngioma this could have similar appearances. Recommend further characterization with dedicated MRI sella. 4. Hypointense appearance of C2 vertebral body marrow most prominent along the inferior endplate favored to be secondary to underlying spondylosis.