Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Remonstrated post surgical changes from left craniotomy and craniectomy for resection of left temporal mass. Stable pachymeningeal enhancement underlying the surgical site and along the cerebral convexities. Redemonstrated T2/FLAIR signal abnormality in the left frontal lobe extending into the left periventricular margin left internal and external capsule insular and subinsular region left anterior temporal lobe and left hippocampus. Mild interval increase in abnormal T2/FLAIR signal abnormality involving the left frontal white matter extending posteriorly. New patchy areas of abnormal signal in medial parietal lobe and periatrial white matter. New patchy areas of enhancement in the left periatrial region with mildly increased rCBV. Redemonstrated punctate and curvilinear areas enhancement about the resection cavity along the anterior left temporal lobe and insula. Stable areas of enhancement within the left hippocampus with ependymal enhancement along the left temporal horn. Stable sulcal enhancement right inferior occipital lobe. Interval mild increase in size of left temporal horn. There is stable ex vacuo dilatation of the left lateral ventricle. Leftward midline shift of 5 mm stable. Redemonstrated lacunar infarcts of left frontal centrum semi ovale and left corona radiata. No new areas of acute ischemia. Stable appearing likely cavernoma within the medial aspect of the left middle cranial fossa. Redemonstrated narrowing of the left distal supraclinoid ICA and left MCA segments likely related to radiation therapy and better visualized on prior MRA. Stable rounded T2 hypointense region along the left sylvian fissure which may represent a partially thrombosed aneurysm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post surgical changes from left craniotomy/craniectomy for resection left insular/temporal mass. 2. Interval new patchy areas of enhancement most pronounced left periatrial region with mildly elevated rCBV. Stable areas of enhancement along the resection cavity in the left insula and anterior temporal lobe hippocampus and along left temporal horn. Mild interval increase in surrounding T2 prolongation particularly in the posterior frontal white matter with patchy new areas of T2 prolongation within the parietal lobe. Findings likely represent treatment related effects in combination with mild progression of neoplasm. 3. Sequela of radiation therapy with narrowing of the left distal supraclinoid ICA and MCA segments. Stable probable cavernoma within the medial left middle cranial fossa. Stable questionable partially thrombosed aneurysm left sylvian fissure. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.