Diseases: ['lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

In comparison to prior exams the enhancing sellar lesion is not apprecially changed. There remains an 2.0 x 1.4 cm component extending into the right sphenoid sinus. Residual enhancement within the cavernous sinus bilaterally appears unchanged as well. Again seen are multiple dural based lesions over the convexity consistent with known lymphoma that have decreased in size and exerts less mass effect upon the superior sagittal sinus without definite sinus invasion nor occlusion. There is stable leptomeningeal enhancement in the sulci of the right parietal and occipital lobe that shows mild restricted diffusion. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segements. There are bilateral posterior communicating arteries. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries from their origins off of the subclavian arteries to the vertebrobasilar junction. The right vertebral artery is dominant and the left vertebral artery is markedly diminutive patent and felt to be hypoplastic. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Sellar/parasellar/sphenoid sinus mass consistent with known Burkitt's lymphoma. Persistent but decreased dural masses over the convexities as detailed above. Stable leptomeningeal enhancement in the right parietal and occipital lobes with mild restricted diffusion that appears to be present on September 19 2009 study. Given this this is felt more likely to be related to the underlying meningeal process rather than an acute stroke. Clinically correlate. 2. Patency of the intracranial circulation as above. 3. Patency of the neck vasculature. Dominant right vertebral artery markedly hypoplastic left vertebral artery which demonstrates antegrade flow. The above findings were reported to and acknowledged by Gina Chester RN and Dr. Sivak at 1:44 a.m. 09/26/2009.