Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'aneurysm', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

There is an 8 x 7 x 6 mm rounded structure posterolateral to the distal left ICA terminus and the origin of the anterior choroidal artery on time-of-flight imaging with heterogeneous intrinsic T1 shortening likely representing a partially thrombosed aneurysm. This aneurysm is in the region of the traversing left third nerve on its way into the cavernous sinus. There is a 2 x 3 mm anteromedially directed right paraophthalmic ICA aneurysm; the right ophthalmic artery appears to arise from or adjacent to the anterior margin of this aneurysm. There is irregular flow-related enhancement in the distal left ICA and proximal left A1 and M1 segments that may reflect narrowing turbulent flow or susceptibility effects from the adjacent suspected partially thrombosed aneurysm. There is duplication of the left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral artery from its mid portion with these branches give rise to the left pericallosal and callosomarginal arteries. Otherwise there is patent intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the right A1 and M1 segments. Evaluation of the orbits shows no retrobulbar mass. There is no T2 signal abnormality or pathologic enhancement along the visualized optic pathways. The extraocular muscles are symmetric in size. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and configuration. The brain parenchyma is normal in morphology and signal intensity. The paranasal sinuses appear clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Rounded 8 x 7 x 6 mm of the flow portion of the partially thrombosed aneurysm posterolateral to the distal left ICA terminus and the origin of the anterior choroidal artery ICA versus anterior choroidal artery aneurysm. Conventional angiogram and treatment evaluation are advised. 2. Right 2 x 3 mm paraophthalmic/ophthalmic artery origin aneurysm. 3. Irregularity of the distal left ICA and proximal A1 and M1 segments that may reflect susceptibility turbulent flow or narrowing. 4. No orbital abnormality.