Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

There is a linear T1 hyperintensity (as noted in the time-of-flight images series 9 image 134) with associated FLAIR hyperintensity (series 4 image 20) restricted effusion and susceptibility in the extra-axial spaces in the periphery of the left parietal lobe. Adjacent and superior to it there is focal area of FLAIR hyperintensity susceptibility and restricted diffusion that also involves the adjacent sulci representing subarachnoid blood products (series 4 image 26). No midline shift or mass effect. There is suggestion of narrowing/irregularity of the anterior branch of the bilateral MCA's the proximal A2 segment of the right ACA and P3 and P4 segments of the right PCA. Otherwise there is patent intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and left PCA as well as the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There is no intracranial aneurysm. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.s.
IMPRESSION:

1. Linear T1 FLAIR hyperintensity with restricted effusion and susceptibility in the extra-axial spaces in the periphery of the left parietal lobe. Findings most consistent with cortical vein thrombosis with adjacent subarachnoid hemorrhage and possibly small focal venous infarct of the left frontoparietal region at the vertex. Findings are new compared to comparison unenhanced CT on neurosurgery PACS which only shows minimal focal linear hyperdensity and no blood. 2. Narrowing/irregularity of the anterior branch of the bilateral MCA's the proximal A2 segment of the right ACA and P3 and P4 segments of the right PCA. Imaging findings suggest vasculopathy possibly atherosclerotic however vasculitis is possible. Clinically correlate and consider further imaging with CTA. 3Patent neck vasculature.