Diseases: ['amyloid']
FINDINGS:

Extensive subcortical deep and periventricular white matter T2/FLAIR hyperintensities are present a nonspecific finding but in this patient's age group commonly associated with chronic vessel ischemic change (these changes demonstrate progression since 2003). Extensive scattered foci of susceptibility artifact present throughout the bilateral cerebral and cerebellar hemispheres as well as the basal ganglia and thalami differential considerations include amyloid angiopathy and multiple microhemorrhages from possibly hypertension or less likely multifocal cavernomas. Redemonstrated is a slit-like encephalomalacic cavity with associated hemosiderin in the region of the left basal ganglia/subinsular region associated with a region of remote hemorrhage. No extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. No evidence of acute infarction. No pathologic enhancement. Bilateral lens replacement. Very mild mucosal changes in the paranasal sinuses. 7 mm proteinaceous retention cyst in the left nasopharynx stable in size since May 17 2004. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segements. The right A1 segment is hypoplastic an anatomic variant. No regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. No hemodynamically significant stenosis by NASCET criteria.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarction. 2. Extensive probable sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia progressed since 2003. 3. Extensive scattered foci of susceptibility artifact differential considerations include amyloid angiopathy and/or multiple microhemorrhages from hypertension less likely multifocal cavernomas. 4. Redemonstrated is a slitlike encephalomalacic cavity with associated hemosiderin in the region of the left basal ganglia/subinsular region associated with a region of remote hemorrhage. 5. Widely patent intracranial and cervical anterior and posterior circulation. No hemodynamically significant stenosis (0% by NASCET criteria). ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report without modification.