Diseases: ['meningioma', 'metastasis', 'pseudotumor', 'aneurysm', 'thrombosis', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

There is a 13 x 9 mm mass adjacent to it is dorsum sella on the right projecting into the poster cavernous sinus behind the internal carotid artery. In the interval since the prior study there has been mild alteration to internal signal characteristics now demonstrating the region of T1 and T2 hyperintensity previously isointense on T1 and hypointense on T2 which may reflect a focus of evolving blood product. There is surrounding enhancement which extends along the dorsal clivus as well as the right tentorium. Imaging characteristics favor a mass such as meningioma or metastasis possibly inflammatory process such as pseudotumor or less likely vascular in etiology such as aneurysm. This does not have an appearance suggestive of cavernous sinus thrombosis. Unenhanced CT and CTA of the brain may help further characterize the presence of blood product mineralization or vascular origin. There is no acute infarct intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial collection significant mass effect or midline shift. There are nonspecific nonenhancing foci prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter as well as the basal ganglia and pons probable sequela of chronic microvascular ischemia. At The visualized paranasal sinuses are essentially clear. Intracranial MRA demonstrates a complete circle of Willis. Dominant left vertebral artery. No evidence of stenosis occlusion vascular malformation or aneurysm. MRA is not sensitive for aneurysms less than 5 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. There is a 13 x 9 mm mass adjacent to it is dorsum sella on the right projecting into the poster cavernous sinus behind the internal carotid artery. In the interval since the prior study there has been mild alteration to internal signal characteristics now demonstrating the region of T1 and T2 hyperintensity previously isointense on T1 and hypointense on T2 which may reflect a focus of evolving blood product. There is surrounding enhancement which extends along the dorsal clivus as well as the right tentorium. Favor a mass such as meningioma or metastasis possibly inflammatory process such as pseudotumor or less likely vascular in etiology such as aneurysm. This does not have an appearance suggestive of cavernous sinus thrombosis. Unenhanced CT and CTA of the brain may help further characterize the presence of blood product mineralization or vascular origin. 2. Normal MRA of the circle of Willis.