Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

There is abnormal increased intensity right superior temporal lobe and middle portion as well extending into occipital region gyriform pattern with some subcortical involvement as well. There is T1-bright signal intensity which is dark on gradient echo sequences suggestive of blood products and laminar necrosis/petechial hemorrhage. There is gyriform enhancement associated no convincing acutely decreased diffusion. Pattern is consistent with an evolving infarct age between two to four weeks to based on imaging appearance and prior studies. There is minimal effacement of sulci in proximity but no ex vacuo dilatation right temporal horn at this time. There are areas of encephalomalacia right medial occipital lobe and left frontal/insular region consistent with more chronic infarcts and occipital insult evolving since prior with little to no enhancement on the current study. Ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise symmetric and nearly a check appropriate. There are scattered periventricular and subcortical hyperintensities on long-TR images which are nonspecific and stable possibly chronic subcortical ischemic changes of small vessel origin. Gradient echo images show small foci of susceptibility left cerebellum along left sylvian fissure left parietal cortex and the left corona radiata punctate and more consistent with microbleeds most of which were seen previously. Evolving blood product redemonstrated right occipital lesion and less so left frontal/peri-insular lesion. Near focus of susceptibility left sylvian fissure is a slightly T2-dark focus without much enhancement corresponds to previously demonstrated mycotic aneurysm such that there may be a remnant but the study is not tailored for adequate evaluation in this regard.
IMPRESSION:

1. Subacute infarct with age between two to four weeks right temporal lobe extending into occipital lobe appearing since 10/1/2010. 2. A chronic infarcts left frontal lobe and peri-insular region with evolving late subacute/chronic infarct right medial occipital lobe 3. Small microbleeds elsewhere with focus near sylvian fissure where there is a previously described mycotic aneurysm suspect residual aneurysm but cannot adequately evaluate with structural MRI brain only consider CTA for further evaluation (or conventional angiography follow up) as clinically indicated. Discussed with Dr. McGarvey 8/26/2010 1700 hours acknowledged. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.