Diseases: ['hematoma', 'amyloid', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

A thin 5-8mm thick left hemispheric subdural subacute to chronic evolving hematoma is present maximally along the temporal middle cranial fossa and at the parietal convexity. The collection contains a combination of T1 hyperintensity and resolving chronic T2 hyperintensity with scattered foci of hemosiderin deposits. The overlying calvarium and scalp soft tissues are unremarkable. There is linear susceptibility along the sulci-superficial left lateral frontal parietal lobes close to the convexity and laterally reflecting prior subarachnoid blood. The patient has an old infarct in the left lateral parietal lobe with small encephalomalacia and surrounding gliosis. In addition there are scattered foci of T2 hyperintensity in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter of bilateral frontal parietal lobes as well as within the central pons compatible with sequela of small vessel ischemia. The remaining brain demonstrate only a few susceptibility foci. The dural venous sinuses demonstrate normal signal without a convincing evidence of dural sinus thrombosis. Of note the left transverse and sigmoid sinus is smaller compared to the right side anatomical variant. The left superficial cerebral vein and vein of Labbe is slightly more prominent compared to the contralateral side slightly displaced medially by the middle cranial fossa hematoma. The superficial vein on the left side over the frontal parietal convexity is slightly smaller compared to the contralateral side. Therefore prominent appearance of the left vein of Labbe is an anatomical variants. The MRA imaging slab includes the inferior aspect of the left parietal encephalomalacia centered in the circle of Willis. The MRA shows no evidence of abnormal vascular nidus stenosis-occlusion. There is a 3 mm bump arising from the posterior wall of the left internal carotid artery at the region of the posterior communicating artery without clear evidence of visible left posterior communicating artery. Therefore even though this could be an infundibulum a small aneurysm cannot be excluded. Major intracranial arteries including internal carotid basilar and central branches of the cerebral arteries demonstrate normal calibers without evidence of aneurysmal formation. In the left parapharyngeal space most likely exophytically arising from the deep lobe of the left parotid is a 1.9 x 1.3 x 1.6 cm ovoid lesion as demonstrated on series 9 image 7 and series 13 image 3. At the junction of the superficial and deep lobe of the right parotid a similar lesion is seen measuring 1.2 x 0.9 x 1.3 cm as seen on series 9 image 24 and series 13 image 2. Midline structures and craniocervical junction are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Thin 5-8mm thick left hemispheric evolving subacute-chronic subdural hematoma thickest over the left temporal middle cranial fossa and left fronto-parietal convexity and hemosiderin deposit on the surface of the left parietal frontal lobe at the convexity. The findings may reflect sequela of prior trauma and may be related to sequela of prior intracranial hemorrhagic event from amyloid angiopathy for the patient's age. Dural AV fistula or vascular lesion are not entirely excluded but very unlikely. 2. A 3 mm bump arising from the posterior wall of the left internal carotid artery at the region of the posterior communicating artery without clear evidence of visible left posterior communicating artery. Therefore even though this could be an infundibulum a small aneurysm cannot be excluded and it can be followed with a CTA of the head. 3. Old infarct of the left lateral parietal lobe distal MCA branch. Patent major branches of intracranial arteries. 4. Bilateral parotid masses can be further evaluated or correlated with prior CT-MR neck imaging. If there is no prior neck imaging for stability of benign neoplasms such as Warthin's or incidental parotid cysts the patient may have a neck MRI without and with contrast for further assessment. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.