Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There is restricted diffusion involving part of right MCAterritory specifically the right insular cortex right putamenextending superiorly to the right caudate body. This isconsistent with acute infarction in these regions. This correlateswith CT hypodensity from 2-20-2006 exam. There is associatedT2/FLAIR hyperintensity and subtle enhancement. There is alsobilateral periventricular subcortical pontine patchy foci ofT2/FLAIR hyperintensity that likely represents sequela of smallvessel ischemic disease. There is a small wedge shaped area ofold infarction seen in the right inferior cerebellum.Mild mucosal changes are noted in the ethmoidal air cells. Smallamount of fluid is seen in the left mastoid air cells. Thevisualized pharynx and parapharyngeal soft tissues are normal.Intracranial MRA is degraded by motion artifact but still hasdiagnostic information. There is no signal seen in the rightmiddle cerebral artery or its distal branches beyond the mostproximal M1 segment although one small temporal branch is stillseen. Given the acute infarction as described above there islikely occlusion of the right MCA. There is patency of theremainder of the intracranial circulation including the bilateraldistal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1and left M1 segments. There is likely a fetal origin left PCA.There are no regions with aneurysm formation. Please note MRA isless sensitive for those aneurysms under 3 mm and the quality ofthis MRA is not optimal for aneurysm detection. MRV demonstratespatency of all the visualized sinuses. No venous sinus thrombosisis seen.On neck MRA there is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries.The left vertebral artery is dominant. The bilateral commoncarotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteriesare patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.Fat saturated axial T1 sequences show no dissection.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute infarction in the right MCA distribution involving theright insular cortex right putamen extending superiorly into theright caudate body. No signal on MRA within the right middlecerebral artery or its distal branches raising suspicion forthrombosis in M1 segment MCA.2. Patency of the neck vasculature.3. No evidence of sinus thrombosis.FINAL ATTENDING