Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

The patient had coil embolization of the basilar tip aneurysm on July 18 2011. There several tiny foci of restricted diffusion in the bilateral cerebellar hemispheres and a single focus in the right occipital lobe. They are consistent with embolic phenomenon post coiling. No restricted diffusion in the brainstem or elsewhere in the brain. MR angiogram redemonstrates 7 mm basilar tip aneurysm which is eccentric to the left. There is partial filling of the basilar tip aneurysm sac particularly the inferior and medial components similar to the appearance on the immediate post-embolization angiogram. There is artifact from the stent graft in the distal basilar artery extending to the right P1. The rest of the major intracranial arteries are normal with no aneurysms or thrombosis of focal stenosis. Fetal origin left posterior cerebral artery. There are several foci of subcortical and deep periventricular deep white matter T2 and FLAIR hyperintensity. These foci are also seen in the cerebellum and brachium pontis. Several of these lesions have an oblong orientation perpendicular to the long axis of the lateral ventricles. No mass in the brain parenchyma. No abnormal enhancement in the brain. No extra-axial fluid collections. No midline shift. The ventricles and basal cisterns are patent. The orbits are normal. Mild mucosal thickening of the paranasal sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post basilar tip stent-assisted coil embolization with partial filling of the aneurysm sac that is stable compared to the immediate post-embolization arteriogram as described. 2. Several tiny foci of restricted diffusion in the cerebellum and right occipital lobe consistent with embolic phenomenon post embolization. 3. Multiple foci of increased T2 and FLAIR signal intensity in periventricular and deep white matter as described above compatible with patient's known diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.