Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

MRI brain: There are numerous scattered foci of nonenhancing T2/FLAIR signal prolongation within the subcortical deep and periventricular cerebral white matter bilaterally which are nonspecific in nature and could relate to sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. The ventricular system and cortical sulcation is mildly prominent likely age related volume loss. There is no evidence for intraparenchymal mass lesion mass effect midline shift or herniation. No abnormal extra-axial fluid collections. There is no evidence for intracranial hemorrhage or acute parenchymal ischemia. There are no regions of abnormal intracranial enhancement. The orbits are grossly normal. There is some moderate mucosal thickening in bilateral ethmoid maxillary sphenoid and left frontal sinuses. Right maxillary sinus is completely opacified. Paranasals sinonasal surgery noted on the left with uncinectomy and suspect left ethmoidectomies cannot exclude prior surgery on the right although less evident. Mild fluid identified within bilateral mastoid air cells. MRA circle of Willis: There is loss of signal at the supraclinoid right ICA right ICA terminus and proximal right M1 segment secondary to susceptibility artifact from recently placed vascular stent and coil mass with partial recovery of flow signal on contrast enhanced sequences. On both unenhanced and enhanced MRA sequences small residual is seen along inframedial aspect of coil mass in proximity to posterior communicating artery along margins of coil mass. This appears concordant with comparison conventional angiogram 1/4/2011. Along the posterior aspect of the supraclinoid ICA and stented portion there is an approximately 2 mm structure which may represent the other described aneurysm or less likely additional remnant within the coiled aneurysm. Remainder of the visualized right intracranial carotid artery are patent. Left intracranial carotid artery is patent. Bilateral anterior cerebral arteries are patent. The left middle cerebral artery is patent. Remainder of the visualized portions of the right MCA are patent. Small anterior communicating artery is identified and patent. The left posterior communicating artery is not seen. Vertebrobasilar system is patent and codominant. Bilateral posterior cerebral arteries and origins of bilateral cerebellar arteries are patent.
IMPRESSION:

1. Signal loss from susceptibility artifact from recently placed vascular stent and coil mass in the right intracranial ICA small remnant along the medial aspect coil mass near posterior communicating artery which appears patent additional approximately 2 mm aneurysm along more superior/distal portion ICA but still along the stent. Findings are concordant with comparison conventional angiogram. The remainder of the circle of Willis reveals no significant abnormality. 2. Numerous foci of signal abnormality in the cerebral white matter bilaterally are nonspecific in nature but could represent sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. See above for details regarding these and other findings including paranasal sinus inflammatory changes. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.