Diseases: ['meningioma', 'contusion']
FINDINGS:

Moderate foci and confluent areas of T2 prolongation within the subcortical and periventricular white matter as well as bilateral basal ganglia and brainstem are nonspecific but likely related to chronic small vessel ischemic white matter changes. No restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. No acute intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial fluid collection mass effect or midline shift. As noted on prior CT there is an area of low signal with associated susceptibility extra-axial in nature along the right lesser sphenoid wing. This most likely represents a calcified/ossified meningioma or less likely focus of dural calcification although lack of contrast enhanced examination makes this diagnosis not definitive. However there is no apparent connection to a vessel and this is not consistent with an aneurysm. There are few foci of susceptibility within the brain specifically the left medial parietal lobe and bilateral frontal lobes likely reflecting old blood products. The focus of susceptibility within the medial left parietal lobe has an associated hyperdensity on CT imaging and may represent a cavernoma focus of calcification or possibly small focus of hemorrhagic contusion. The intracranial internal carotid arteries A1 and M1 segments and proximal branches are patent bilaterally. There is mild irregular narrowing of the right cavernous internal carotid and left supraclinoid internal carotid artery most likely related to atherosclerotic changes. The left A1 segment is relatively hypoplastic. The vertebrobasilar system and possible branches are patent. There is no focal significant stenosis or visualized aneurysm. Please note that MRA is less sensitive for aneurysms smaller than 4 mm in size.
IMPRESSION:

1. Chronic ischemic white matter changes. No evidence of acute intracranial abnormality. Patency of intracranial vasculature. 2. Probable meningioma along the right lesser sphenoid wing or less likely focus of dural calcification. Lack of enhanced study the makes this diagnosis not definitive. However there is no evidence of aneurysm at this location. 3. The focus of susceptibility within the medial left parietal lobe has an associated hyperdensity on CT imaging and may represent a cavernoma focus of calcification or possibly small focus of hemorrhagic contusion.