Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

MR brain: No evidence for acute infarction hemorrhage mass effect or midline shift. When compared to prior MRI examination from 9/27/07 previously noted small vessel ischemic change and old infarctions are stable. There is an old left posterior frontal/parietal infarct with associated encephalomalacia and T2/flair hyperintensity. Additionally there are probable watershed infarcts bilaterally between the middle cerebral artery and posterior cerebral artery distributions. Stable scattered subcortical and periventricular T2/flair hyperintensities which are nonspecific but likely the sequela of small vessel ischemic change. The ventricular system is stable in size and configuration. The ventriclular system is slightly dilated and the sulci are normal in size suggesting mild cortical atrophy which is age-appropriate. After administration of gadolinium there is no pathologic enhancement. There is very mild mucosal thickening in the ethmoid air cells and sphenoid sinuses. Mastoid air cells are essentially clear bilaterally. The remainder of the paranasal sinuses are unremarkable. The orbits are unremarkable within the confines of this examination. There is normal signal in the visualized osseous structures without focal signal abnormality. MRA brain: There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segements. There is a patent right posterior communicating artery. The left posterior communicating artery is not visualized. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Sequela of small vessel ischemic change and old infarctions as detailed above. No significant change when compared to prior MR exam from 9/27/07. No evidence for acute infarction hemorrhage or mass effect. 2. Patency of the intracranial circulation without aneurysm focal stenosis or occlusion of the large vessels.