Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

MRI of the brain show symmetric ventricles and CSF spaces appropriate for age. Occasional tiny hyperintensities are identified on FLAIR images in the deep white matter not uncommonly seen in this age group. There are no suspicious areas of abnormal increased or decreased signal intensity no abnormal enhancement. Bony structures are unremarkable except for probable mucus retention cysts maxillary sinuses. No acute findings on diffusion-weighted or gradient echo images. MR angiography shows patent proximal intracranial arterial branches no aneurysm detected. No convincing stenosis detected. PICA origins not included in field of view. Variant anatomy with fenestrations distal left A1 and left A1/2 junction noted. No imaging evidence of fistula identified on angiographic or venographic series though vascular malformation or fistula not entirely excluded with this technique. There is increased intensity right transverse sinus on conventional long-TR images and decreased caliber of flow void relative to anatomic size of right transverse sinus. MR venography shows a flow related enhancement in the transverse sinus however and there is also flow into more normal caliber sigmoid sinus and partially visualized jugular vein at skull base. There may still be a filling defect distal transverse sinus consistent with chronic thrombosis but at least some of this appearance could be created by arachnoid granulations as well and there may be component of stenosis at this location (series 17). There is enhancement throughout sinuses including region in question. Superficial and deep venous structures are otherwise unremarkable including sagittal straight left transverse transverse and bilateral sigmoid sinuses internal cerebral veins vein of Galen and basal veins of Rosenthal. No comparisons to assess for change.
IMPRESSION:

1. Unremarkable MRI brain for age. 2. Unremarkable MR angiogram head. 3. Decreased caliber and probable slow flow right transverse sinus but patent consistent with history of sinus thrombosis and at least some recanalization filling defect distal transverse sinus may reflect chronic thrombus and/or arachnoid granulations cannot accurately grade potential stenosis at this location. No comparisons available to assess for change.