Diseases: ['normal', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

Sagittal T1 axial FSE T2 axial flair axial diffusion axial gradient echo and axial and coronal postcontrast T1 weighted imaging. 3-D time of flight intracranial MRA. 2-D time of flight neck MRA. Gadolinium bolus neck MRA. 15 mL multihance injected intravenously. No comparisons. There is a punctate focus of acute to subacute ischemia in right posterlateral aspect of medulla (see series 8 image 6). No other areas of abnormal diffuse restriction to suggest acute to subacute ischemia. Cerebral volume age-appropriate. No acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect midline shift or extra-axial collection. Otherwise no brain parenchymal signal alteration. No definite abnormal intracranial enhancement. Small retention cyst in right maxillary sinus. Small enhancing soft tissue nodule in subcutaneous tissues along left occiput likely lymph node. 3-D time of flight intracranial and gadolinium bolus neck MRA demonstrates left vertebral artery to be dominant. There is mild irregularity of distal right intracranial vertebral artery which could reflect mild atherosclerotic disease. The bilateral posterior inferior cerebellar arteries appear grossly patent within the limitations of MR angiography. Otherwise no evidence of focal stenosis or occlusion involving intracranial arterial vasculature. A fetal origin of left posterior cerebral artery is noted as well as a hypoplastic A1 arch of a segment a normal anatomic variant. A prominent right posterior communicating artery is also present with an infundibulum at its origin from distal right internal carotid artery. No evidence of intracranial aneurysm. 2-D time of flight and gadolinium bolus neck MRA demonstrates visualized common carotid arteries carotid bifurcations and cervical internal carotid arteries to be grossly patent. The left cervical vertebral artery is also grossly patent. The smaller right cervical vertebral artery demonstrates mild focal loss of normal flow related enhancement around its distal portion at the level of C2. This could reflect an additional area of mild atherosclerotic disease.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small focus of acute to subacute ischemia in the posterlateral right medulla. There is mild loss of normal flow related signal involving the distal cervical and intracranial right vertebral artery that may reflect mild atherosclerotic disease. However the right posterior inferior cerebellar artery appears grossly patent within the limitations of MR angiography. Infarction in this area can be associated with the Wallenberg syndrome and clinical correlation is recommended. 2. The intracranial arterial vasculature is otherwise grossly patent as detailed above. No evidence for sizable intracranial aneurysm. 3. The neck arterial vasculature is otherwise grossly patent as detailed on above. These results were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Thottathil of the referring service via telephone at 6:50 a.m. 3/26/11. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report. Please note that segmented images of the patient's circle of Willis MRA and neck MRA are also submitted. Note the MRA is somewhat limited from motion artefacts. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.