Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

There is encephalomalacia and volume loss with linear hemosiderin deposition in the anterior left frontal lobe and left parietal lobes unchanged. There is minimal linear gyriform increased nonenhancing T1 signal intensity in the left frontal lobe and to a lesser extent in the left parietal lobe consistent with laminar necrosis the extent of which has decreased. These are sequelae of chronic infarction. No new acute territorial infarction. No intracranial mass midline shift intracranial hemorrhage or extra-axial collection. The ventricles and basal cisterns are patent. There is ex vacuo dilatation of the frontal horn of the left lateral ventricle. Mild mucosal thickening involving the left maxillary sinus left frontal sinus and ethmoidal air cells. Bilateral cataract surgery. Time-of-flight MR angiogram of the brain demonstrates a hypoplastic right A1 segment. The lumen of the left cavernous internal carotid artery has slightly increased diameter in comparison to the right side unchanged in comparison to MR angiogram findings in 2003. The right vertebral artery is dominant. The left vertebral artery terminates in left PICA. There is suggestion of a very small distal hypoplastic left vertebral artery joining the right vertebral artery seen on time-of-flight images (series 18 image 32). No aneurysm or stenosis or thrombosis in the major intracranial arteries. The origin of the major neck arteries from the aortic arch were identified with no stenosis. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Encephalomalacia and sequelae of old infarction in the left frontal and parietal lobes. No new infarction. 2. No aneurysm or stenosis on MR angiogram of the brain or neck. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.