Diseases: ['infarction', 'amyloid', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

There are extensive foci of increased T2/FLAIR signal in the white matter confluent in the periventricular regions particularly about the trigones with numerous deep and subcortical small foci which likely represent sequelae of chronic ischemia and white matter infarctions. There is also involvement of the pons. There is one small focus with questionable restricted diffusion in the medial right frontal lobe which may be acute to early subacute in age. There are numerous foci of susceptibility artifact in the brain particularly posteriorly which likely reflect petechial hemorrhages possibly secondary to amyloid angiopathy. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is motion artifact on the MRA images. There is patent intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There is dolichoectasia of the intracranial internal carotid arteries. There are no regions of focal stenosis. There is mild atherosclerotic irregularity of the intracranial vessels. There is a 1 mm outpouching of the cavernous right internal carotid artery which may represent an infundibulum or small aneurysm. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. The origins of the carotid and vertebral arteries are suboptimally evaluated due to motion artifact. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent noting tortuosity of the internal carotid arteries below the skull base. There is no hemodynamically significant extracranial stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extensive white matter signal abnormality likely sequelae of chronic ischemia or old white matter infarctions with a single tiny focus of acute to early subacute infarction in the medial right frontal lobe. 2. Numerous foci of susceptibility artifact likely microhemorrhages which may be secondary to amyloid angiopathy. 3. No significant stenosis or occlusion of the intracranial arteries. Small outpouching cavernous right internal carotid artery possibly an infundibulum or tiny aneurysm. 4. Patent neck vasculature. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.