Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

There is 38 x 50 mm (transverse dimension) mass involving left temporal lobe and extending into posterior insula. There is heterogeneous intensity with possible cavitation posteriorly. Around the more defined portion is abnormal increased signal intensity on long-TR images especially on posterior aspect edema vs. infiltrating mass. There is abnormal signal intensity across the splenium and probably body of the corpus callosum and involving the right deep white matter tracts specifically appearing to involve the right corticospinal tract up into hand locus of precentral gyrus. The left sensorimotor cortex does not clearly show signal abnormality. There is also signal abnormality involving the right anterior insular region but more malacic appearance in this region as right sylvian fissure is larger than left. The right mesial temporal structures appear decreased in volume slightly compared to left and are also increased in intensity on long-TR images. IV contrast was not given as a part of the study but the comparison study does have this sequence and shows aggressive appearing enhancement pattern in the left temporal mass with central cavitation. Also the dominant left temporal mass has increased in size as has the 2 cm lesion in the right centrum semi ovale with signal abnormality extending into the precentral gyrus. Minimal T1-bright signal in the posterior aspect of the left temporal mass is again seen most likely representing blood products and also seen on prior study. Functional MRI: Multiple tasks were performed. For motor tasks involving finger taping with one or both hands robust activation was seen in expected anatomic region of sensorimotor cortex for hand. Minimal activation of supplementary motor area was also noted. Activation with right hand finger tapping was more robust than for left. Verbal fluency and semantic judgment tasks showed activation in the left frontal lobe corresponding to expected Broca's area. The sentence completion task also showed robust activation in Broca's area. Receptive tasks shwoed activation along superior temporal sulcus at low threshold more anterior for passive listing and a little more posterior for the sentence completion tasks. The left temporal mass is deep to these activating foci. Hardcopies were provided for all above tasks. In general the left hemisphere appears dominant in this right-handed patient has expected. However on the passive listing task there is greater activation in the right temporal lobe than the left. This could represent pseudoreorganization and does not necessarily indicate right dominant receptive language function. Diffusion tensor imaging data was used to generate tractography for right and left corticospinal tracts. These were sent to the PACS system as were fractional anisotrophy diffusion-weighted and ADC maps. On the left corticospinal tract was deflected medially although fibers could be tracked from peduncle to region of activating sensorimotor cortex (on fMRI) for hand.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enlarging left temporal mass compared to 9/29/06 outside MRI. Also noted is enlarging 2cm right centrum semi ovale mass which did not enhance on the prior study but could be seen at that time on long-TR images and abnormal signal in corpus callosum also seen on the prior study. Primary high grade glioma is favored with this appearance.2. Blood flow increased in left temporal mass about twice that of global mean cerebral blood flow or contralateral basal ganglia about 3 times that of normal appearing white matter.3. Functional MRI performed left dominant language. Productive and receptive speech areas were evaluated as were hand motor regions. Note that lack of activation does not necessarily imply lack of function and presence of activation does not necessarily imply critically eloquent cortex. Hardcopies provided to Dr. LeRoux.