Diseases: ['oligodendroglioma']
FINDINGS:

There is focal subcortical expansion of the right prefrontal gyrus which measures approximately 2.5 CM in transverse by 1.3 CM in AP by 2 CM in of dimension. There is relative preservation of signal in the overlying cortex. The area is hyperintense on T2 images however there is no significant surrounding T2 hyperintensity. There appears to be a low T1 core. There is only a single tiny punctate focus of enhancement . There is little mass effect. No significant restricted diffusion based on ADC maps. No definite calcifications or hemorrhage although correlation with CT maybe helpful. On MR perfusion images there is suggestion increased peripheral area of elevated flow and cerebral blood volume to this region. Based on the MR spectroscopy this is not a typical spectrum for tumor. This maybe a result of the technique or a true finding. The patient could return for additional images including a single voxel spectroscopy of the lesion at no additional charge for further characterization. The choline is not substantially elevated relative to NAA. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. The calvarium is normal in marrow signal. The orbital contents are grossly unremarkable. There is mild mucosal thickening involving the right frontal sinuses scattered mucosal thickening of anterior ethmoid air cells and circumferential mucosal thickening of the right maxillary sinus. The remainder of the paranasal sinuses are clear. The mastoid air cells are clear. The mastoid air cells and remainder of the visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. Incidental note is made of a empty sella and the pituitary gland is not well visualized.
IMPRESSION:

1. Right prefrontal subcortical gyrus expansile lesion measuring 2.5 cm in greatest dimension with asssociated peripheral increased CBV. Based on conventional imaging and MR perfusion the differential considerations include a low grade glioma oligodendroglioma or inflammatory etiology. See above. 2. The MR spectroscopy is not definitive for tumor therefore additional imaging including single voxel MR spectroscopy could be performed at no additional charge for further characterizatoin if indicated. Another key issue in this case would be to compare with prior films to assess interval change 3. Mild paranasal sinus disease. This was discussed with Marion in Dr. Judy's office at the time of attending review.