Diseases: ['astrocytoma', 'astrocytoma']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple regions of mildly expansile non-enhancing T2/FLAIR hyperintensity peripherally cortical and subcortical compatible with subcortical tubers. There are multiple calcified nodules consistent with subependymal hamartomas predominantly within the posterior body and temporal horns lateral ventricles. Sub-ependymal subcentimeter enhancing masses are noted at the foramen of Monroe and within the frontal horn right lateral ventricle measuring up to 8 mm in maximal diameter bilaterally concerning for small subependymal giant cell astrocytomas. Within the right anterior basal ganglia there is a 1.6-cm T2 hyperintense mass which persistent hyperintense signal on FLAIR sequences with minimal peripheral enhancement; there is associated mass-effect on the frontal horn right lateral ventricle. Along the inferior margin of this T2 hyperintense lesion there is a adjacent 5-mm adjacent enhancing nodule which may be within the caudate or possibly sub-ependymal. There is no ventriculomegaly. No extra-axial fluid collections. There is no evidence of acute ischemia. There are a few scattered FLAIR hyperintensities are noted within the deep and periventricular white matter which are nonspecific Imaged intracranial vascular flow voids are within normal limits. The adenoids appear minimally prominent for patient age. Retropharyngeal lymph nodes are incompletely imaged however also appear minimally prominent measuring up to approximately 9 mm in long axis bilaterally. Frontal ethmoidal and maxillary mucosal changes. Small bilateral parotid lymph nodes are suggested.
IMPRESSION:

1. Cortical tubers and calcified subependymal nodules consistent with a provided history of tuberous sclerosis complex. Enhancing nodules at the level of the foramina of Monroe are of uncertain stability given lack of prior imaging but concerning for small subependymal giant cell astrocytomas. Correlation with prior imaging would be helpful. There is no evidence of hydrocephalus. 2. Cystic appearing lesion with in the right anterior basal ganglia with local mass effect on the frontal horn right lateral ventricle which does not perfectly follow CSF signal intensity. Given the adjacent enhancing nodule differential considerations would include atypical appearance of the subependymal giant cell astrocytoma versus other low grade glial neoplasm such as a pilocytic astrocytoma. While cystic changes have been described in the setting of tuberous sclerosis complex these are typically associated with pre-existing tubers and are atypical in this location. An atypical ependymal or neuroglial cystic lesion could also have a similar appearance. Comparison with prior imaging would be helpful. 3. Minimally prominent appearance of the adenoids and retropharyngeal lymph nodes for patient age nonspecific. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation