Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'meningioma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Again seen is a large heterogeneously solid and cystic enhancing mass in the periphery of the inferior left frontal lobe appears intra-axial but does extend to peripheral cortex and cannot exclude dural involvement. Over the interval the mass is slightly increased in size currently measuring maximally 4.5 x 3 x 3.6 cm. as before there is relatively little apparent vasogenic edema around this mass. However there is abnormal increased signal intensity on T2-weighted and FLAIR images throughout the white matter especially frontal lobes and corpus callosum extending into left external capsule. There is increasing mass effect on the frontal horn of the left lateral ventricle and slightly increased midline shift compared to prior now about 8 mm. The solid enhancing portion at the inferior lateral aspect of the mass demonstrates mild restricted diffusion on ADC map as well as elevated cerebral blood volume on perfusion-weighted imaging and there is also increased blood volume in the rim of the mass especially posteromedially which also enhances more nodular character. The spectra is inconclusive. One or more of the subvoxels demonstrates elevated Choline peak with decreased NAA metabolite suggestive but not definitive for neoplastic process. There is no acute infarct. A thin left hemispheric subdural hematoma has developed over the interval with some T1-bright signal to suggest acute/subacute component; however there is no substantial added mass effect. There is diffuse dural enhancement which appears smooth could be related to subdural blood on the left but also seen on the right seen also previously and not substantially changed.
IMPRESSION:

1. A large cystic and solid enhancing mass in the inferior left frontal lobe has slightly increased in size and the T2 hyperintensity and expansion of the anterior genu of the corpus callosum has also increased while overall architecture has remained relatively similar to read prior studies. The enhancing portion of the mass demonstrates elevated cerebral blood volume and mild restricted diffusion suggestive of increased cellularity and probably high grade tumor. Lymphoma is favored other neoplastic process such as glioma or much less likely invasive aggressive meningioma is not entirely excluded. Additional note is made that the mass is probably intra-axial but does extend peripherally and may have a dural-based component but doubt extra-axial origin (there is some buckling of cortex around the mass but no convincing CSF cleft or bony lytic or sclerotic abnormality in proximity on other imaging sequences or CT no convincing dural tail with abnormal nonenhancing signal with expansion extending across genu corpus callosum in proximity to mass). 2. New thin left hemispheric subdural hematoma. 3. Progression of confluent T2/flair hyperintensity of the cerebral white matter may reflect HIV encephalopathy less likely PML less likely diffuse infiltrative neoplasm.