Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'abscess', 'lipoma']
FINDINGS:

The examination is slightly limited by motion. There is a rounded lesion that demonstrates low T1 and T2 prolongation within the left medial thalamus causing minimal mass effect on the adjacent third ventricle . The mass extends slightly inferiorly to the left cerebral peduncle. Scattered foci of T2 prolongation are noted in a watershed zone within the right occipital periventricular region and in corona radiata. Another focus of increased signal intensity in the subcortical white matter of the right frontal lobe. The lesion on a in the medial thalamus demonstrates slight restricted diffusion centrally which could suggests cellularity. The scattered foci within a watershed zone on the right side demonstrates also restricted diffusion suggesting ischemic watershed infarcts. Post contrast images demonstrate mild heterogeneous enhancement within the medial thalamic lesion. A different lesion that demonstrates diffuse homogeneous enhancement in the right parafalcine frontal lobe consistent with meningioma. Incidentally noted within the soft tissues of the left occipital region a heterogeneous mass that demonstrates fat signal intensity suggestive of  and foci of low signal intensity suggesting calcified lipoma. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segements. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. Mild narrowing of the bilateral internal carotid arteries however no significant hemodynamic stenosis noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mass within the left medial thalamus with heterogeneous enhancement and relative central restricted diffusion: Differential includes lymphoma given the relative restricted  low-grade glioma Alternatively this could represent an abscess although there is no dural or leptomeningeal enhancement to suggest encephalomyelitis. Further evaluation by MR perfusion and spectroscopy may be of help. 2. Scattered foci of restricted diffusion predominantly seen in the right corona radiata suggestive of watershed infarcts. 3. Small right parafalcine meningioma.4. Calcified left occipital lipoma. Please corrrelate with CT.Findings of the study were discussed with Dr. Adesseun @ pager 306-1438.Attending