Diseases: ['metastasis', 'metastasis', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple scattered nonenhancing FLAIR hyperintensities present within the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter which are nonspecific but are likely sequela of microvascular ischemic changes; no evidence of acute ischemia. There are no extracerebral fluid collections. No ventriculomegaly. Mild maxillary and ethmoidal mucosal changes with tiny left maxillary mucous retention cyst or polyp. Imaged orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mass centered in the posterior aspect right frontal lobe extending into precentral gyrus. Mild interval decrease in surrounding edema when compared to prior exam possibly treatment related. The conventional imaging features are more consistent with metastasis in this patient with known malignancy. Perfusion and spectroscopy data are concordant with high grade neoplasm somewhat defined margins on perfusion/permeability more suggestive of metastasis but spectroscopy and conventional imaging have findings which may suggest infiltration primary glioma not excluded though history argues for metastasis. 2. Functional MRI shows hand and face primary motor activation posterior than supplemental motor activation to the enhancing margins of the mass especially face cortex for at least the hand tasks pre-motor activation also in proximity to enhancing margin of mass and the supplemental motor area with greater separation. Primary motor fibers and corticospinal tract in proximity to enhancing edge more lateral primary motor fibers not adequately depicted with this technique and mass will be in proximity to and possibly involving these. Series for review include 602-607. 3D advanced post-processing was performed using an independent workstation with active physician participation and supervision. Note that lack of activation does not necessarily indicate lack of function and not all activating foci are absolutely eloquent. Similarly lack of visualization of fibers on diffusion tractography does not imply lack of connectivity and some tracked fibers may not be absolutely eloquent. 3. Series for STEALTH navigation are as follows: 701 postcontrast 3-D T1-weighted 702 fMRI hands 704 fMRI foot 706 fMRI face 708 cortical spinal tracts 709 FLAIR. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.