Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

4.7 x 5 cm (transverse) intraaxial mass centered in left parietal lobe with heterogeneous signal characteristics including internal susceptibility suggesting blood products. Progressive enhancement pattern with moderately thick walled enhancement and apparent central cavitation is noted enhancing and nonenhancing components of the mass. Anterolaterally and superiorly there is mild apparent tumorigenic edema (edema and/or infiltrating neoplasm) and this extends into precentral gyrus superomedially. There are areas of cortical infiltration and expansion best seen medially (series 40 image 36). The mass appears somewhat bright on diffusion-weighted images but in general ADC measures higher than that of the normal-appearing brain; intermediate intensity on T2 weighted images with these findings may however reflect some cellularity. Nonenhancing signal abnormality extends to the margin of the lateral ventricle minimal effacement of the atrium of the lateral ventricle and effacement of sulci over the parietal convexity but no significant midline shift or global mass-effect. There are occasional other hyperintensities on long-TR images in the white matter mild and nonspecific no other suspicious areas of abnormal signal or enhancement related to the mass. Pattern is similar to outside comparison study. Relative cerebral blood volume is increased primarily in the enhancing portions of the mass but also in nonenhancing portions to a lesser extent maximum elevation is posterior medial (series 603 image 10) where elevation is greater than 10 times contralateral normal appearing white matter. Other areas show less intense elevation of cerebral blood volume. DCE/permeability data were suboptimal secondary to poor bolus and were not analyzed further. Spectroscopy data not currently available for analysis due to technical issue interpretation pending. Functional MRI: The patient was briefly interviewed understood the instructions  and was able to perform all tasks adequately ascertained by direct visualization and interviewed as well as real-time evaluation of activation maps during the imaging session. She is right-handed. Post processing quality control step showed no excessive motion on any tasks. Language tasks included verb generation and sentence completion. These showed activation left greater than right inferior frontal as well as premotor and prefrontal regions and also left greater than right superior temporal activation corresponding to expected expressive and receptive language areas. The tasks showed similar activation pattern. Supplemental motor area activation also noted medially. These areas were separate from the left parietal mass though on the sentence completion tasks there was parietal temporal activation closer to the inferolateral aspect of the mass but still at least 10-mm separate from the edge of FLAIR abnormality. Motor tasks included bilateral finger tapping and right foot tapping. Finger tapping showed activation along central sulcus corresponding to precentral knob in expected anatomic location based on standard landmarks. There is also some postcentral gyral activation along posterior aspect to a lesser extent. These areas on the left were within 5mm of edge of tumorigenic edema anterior to bulk of mass. Supplemental motor activation was not as striking on the tasks as in some individuals. For right foot tapping there is activation in the left greater than right paracentral lobule with extension along left precentral gyrus. For this task activation for left lower extremity primary motor was in proximity (within 5 mm) of enhancing edge of mass closer and in contact with surrounding tumorigenic edema anterior to bulk of mass. Activation in medial part of enhancing mass likely artifactual. DTI/tractography: Left cortical spinal tract generated fiber tracts extend to expected regions in precentral gyrus and also premotor areas and in close proximity to edge of infiltrating tumor and/or edema anterior to the bulk of the mass but separate from enhancing portions. Left superior longitudinal fasciculus fiber tract generated suboptimal quality/tracking but fibers visualized extending to arcuate fasciculus and temporal lobe separate from enhancing edge of mass though some fibers passing within 5mm of edge of FLAIR signal abnormality.
IMPRESSION:

1. Approximately 5 cm diameter intra-axial infiltrating mass centered in left parietal lobe which involves cortex with heterogeneous signal intensity internal blood products and enhancing and nonenhancing portions as well as minimal tumorigenic edema extending anterior and superior into precentral gyrus. Blood volume is markedly increased pattern most consistent with high-grade glioma favor glioblastoma. 2. Functional MRI for language shows left dominant language activation of expressive and receptive language areas in general separate from the mass as detailed in findings. Suboptimal tracking of superior longitudinal fasciculus but those fibers which could be tracked were separate from enhancing edge and passing within 5-10 mm of FLAIR -bright edge of mass. 3. Functional MRI for motor shows hand motor activation near nonenhancing edge of signal abnormality corresponding to tumorigenic edema. Primary motor cortex for lower extremity is in proximity to enhancing edge (within 5mm). Left cortical spinal tract separate from enhancing edge but in contact with edge of tumorigenic edema anterior to bulk of mass. 4. Series for review of functional and tractography data are in series 604-611. Series for navigation are as follows: 701 - 3D postcontrast T1 STEALTH 702 - bilateral hand motor fMRI 703 - right foot motor fMRI 705 - left cortical spinal tract 706 - FLAIR STEALTH 707 - superior longitudinal fasciculus 709 - verb generation fMRI 711-sentence completion fMRI. Please see findings for full details Note that not all activating foci are absolutely eloquent and lack of activation does not necessarily imply lack of function. This also applies to diffusion tractography.