Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Image quality is diagnostic. On the long-TR images there are multiple foci of peripheral hyperintensity which involve subcortical white matter and are in many cases associated with cortical thickening and hyperintensity. These are consistent with subcortical and cortical tubers; however if the patient is actively seizing some of the cortical thickening and hyperintensity could indicate ongoing seizure activity (less likely). These are more extensive than can be evaluated on comparison CT degree of sulcal effacement assisted with cortical thickening appears similar but more global at that time. T2-dark foci left greater than right cerebellum and in subcortical regions as well as along the ependymal margins are consistent with calcifications and better demonstrated on comparison CT. The pattern of calcifications in the cerebellar hemispheres appears to follow a cortical pattern. There is minimal volume loss in the left cerebellum but less encephalomalacia than expected where there are marked calcifications on CT. While many of the other calcifications are associated with tubers or hamartomas the origin of the cerebellar calcifications is less clear probably related but also possible are dystrophic calcifications associated with prior injuries. On FLAIR images there is apparent increased intensity and sulci posterior frontal and parietal convexities. This may be related to anesthesia and inspired oxygen content less apparent on coronal FLAIR images so doubt subarachnoid space pathology. Postcontrast images redemonstrate enhancing nodule left foramen of Monroe most consistent with subependymal giant cell astrocytoma and measuring about 8 mm in diameter. Also demonstrated are enhancing nodules along lateral aspect left frontal horn inferior to this point and especially at the apex of the left frontal horn. These latter lesions likely represent enhancing ependymal hamartomas. There may be another ependymal nodule enhancing inferior aspect right frontal horn but without substantial mass effect. Suspect additional small 3mm enhancing nodule at right foramen of Monroe but enhancing choroid obscures some detail in this location. The rest of the ependymal nodules do not show striking enhancement and there are no other abnormal foci of enhancement in the brain. The ventricles are nearly symmetric and are probably age-appropriate temporal horns nondilated no hydrocephalus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Findings are consistent with tuberous sclerosis pattern identical to prior CT but better delineated with findings including multiple subcortical and cortical tubers ependymal hamartomas and subependymal giant cell astrocytomas left and probably right foramina of Monro without hydrocephalus. Some of the lesions are associated with calcifications. Cortical thickening and hyperintensity is associated with many of the peripheral tubers and this relationship is favored over more acute/subacute cortical edema related to seizure activity given the lack of enhancement and similar degree of sulcal effacement and pattern of CSF spaces as seen on August 13 2010 CT. Correlate clinically for ongoing seizure activity however. 2. 3D T1-weighted post contrast imaging obtained for navigation if needed.