Diseases: ['abscess', 'abscess', 'toxoplasmosis', 'lymphoma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is a 3.2 x 3.1 cm mass in the right occipital lobe exhibiting a thick rind of enhancement and extensive surrounding vasogenic edema. Edema extends to the occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle and into the right temporal and parietal lobes with mass effect on the adjacent sulci and occipital and temporal horns of the right lateral ventricle. There is mild diffusion restriction anomaly at the periphery of the lesion with mild susceptibility within the central nonenhancing portion. There is no evidence of abnormal enhancement or signal intensity of the ventricular system to suggest intraventricular extension. There is generalized cerebral and cerebellar volume loss perhaps related to the patient's disease status or treatment. There is mild mucosal disease in the right maxillary sinus and ethmoid air cells. The mastoid air cells are underdeveloped and sclerotic.
IMPRESSION:

1. Rim enhancing mass of the right occipital lobe. The imaging findings are most consistent with cerebral abscess. Less likely high-grade neoplasm in this region could have a similar appearance. Surrounding vasogenic edema causes mass effect on the right cerebral hemisphere and right lateral ventricle as above. 2. Generalized cerebral and cerebellar volume loss perhaps related to the patient's disease status or treatment. These findings were discussed with and confirmed by Dr. Mosepele on February 25 2010 at 01:17. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following comments: The right occipital lobe lesion as detailed above situated right above the tentorium and right transverse sinus/torcula has restricted diffusion at the enhancing rim and at the hemorrhage/mineralization medially and not in the center. It was not described in the Report of Brain MRI at PAH 12/10/2008 (images are not online for direct comparison). The appearance is not typical for pus forming bacterial abscess most likely atypical infection such as toxoplasmosis fungal. Lymphoma glioma or metastasis is unlikely but not entirely excluded.