Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma', 'craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

Prior frontal craniotomy has been performed. A right parietal shunt catheter or shunt tract is visualized ventricles decompressed catheter tract through or near body right lateral ventricle. There is encephalomalacia right greater than left inferior frontal lobes scalloping and remodeling of the sella which appears empty. There is nodular soft tissue hypothalamus/infundibulum anterior to mamillary bodies in proximity to the atrophic optic tracts chiasm and pre-chiasmatic optic nerves. This enhances minimally on post-contrast images and is suggestive of granulation tissue or residual craniopharyngioma. More importantly there is an infiltrative mass involving right and suspect crossing to left frontal lobes signal abnormality is also seen in the corpus callosum although this does not appear particularly expanded. Note is made of mild signal abnormality on long-TR images bilateral temporal poles and this as well as some of the inferior frontal signal abnormality probably represents radiation change; however there is infiltration and expansion of medial frontal cortex bilaterally and right frontal cortex laterally especally in the middle frontal gyrus and inferior frontal gyrus on the right. Here the cortex is particularly expanded and while much of this is not enhancing there is geographic irregular ring appearing enhancement internal to the frontal component of the mass with aggressive appearance. There is increased intensity along deep white matter tracts as well but to a lesser extent. There is no substantial midline shift although there is partial effacement of the right great than left frontal horns of the lateral ventricles. Malacic foci are seen bilateral corona radiata/internal capsules anteriorly. There is a small probable mucus retention cyst in the right maxillary sinus. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. Signal intensity of the bone marrow is increased on T1-weighted images which may reflect prior radiation. Diffusion images do not show markedly decreased diffusion in most of the nonenhancing or enhancing parts of the mass. Blood volume maps were generated but are not interpretable due to excessive motion.
IMPRESSION:

1. Sellar/suprasellar changes consistent with history of craniopharyngioma treatment including malacic changes right greater than left inferior frontal lobes as well as anterior temporal lobes atrophy visual pathways noted. Mild enhancement in prominent focal soft tissue centered in infundibulum/hypothalamus posttreatment vs. recurrent/residual craniopharyngioma. Old studies necessary to assess for change else follow up recommended to insure stability. 2. Infiltrative mass right greater than left frontal lobes with cortical expansion and geographic ring enhancing component right frontal portion. Favor radiation induced primary glioma superimposed on background radiation changes possibly lower grade initially now with high grade transformation. Prior imaging is necessary for optimal evaluation. Discussed with Dr. Pruitt 11/10/2010 1730 hours acknowledged. Note that preoperative planning sequences (STEALTH) with thin section FLAIR and postcontrast 3D T1-weighted images were acquired at this time due to pacemaker. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.