Diseases: ['glioblastoma', 'oligodendroglioma']
FINDINGS:

Heterogeneous ill-defined and infiltrative-appearing mass redemonstrated left temporal lobe involving anterior medial and lateral aspect mid temporal lobe including hippocampus. Mass extends into and expands cortex especially inferiorly margins are not well defined center appears cavitating/necrotic. Source images from postcontrast perfusion data show prominent foci of abnormal susceptibility suggesting blood products and less likely calcifications. There is an irregular but relatively thin rim of enhancement around cavitating portion with foci of satellite enhancement posteriorly and superolateral aspect. Greatest dimension of enhancing part is approximately 1.7 x 3.5 cm transverse and by 2.4 cm superior inferior while extent of nonenhancing mass is greater than is approximately 4.3 x 7.4 cm transverse. Nonenhancing portion extends into occipital lobe (series 11 image 20). The enhancing portion extends to the ependymal margin of the temporal horn uncertain if ependymal involvement. There is sulcal effacement locally partial effacement of left lateral ventricle and especially temporal horn but no midline shift. There are scattered hyperintensities elsewhere in the white matter in general small and nonspecific. The overall pattern is similar to the outside study. On bolus contrast perfusion weighted imaging (DSC) acquisition there is elevated blood volume at 3 to 4 times contralateral white matter corresponding primarily to the enhancing portion. The permeability sequence (DCE) was poor quality and processed maps are thus not provided. Functional MRI: The patient expressed understanding of the instructions but he volunteered language difficulties including problems reading and finding words. Tasks performed included word generation passive listening (story forward vs. backward) and word lists versus tones all audio format presentations. Interview of the patient after each of the tasks revealed that he could perform at least some portion of each of the tasks and visualization of real-time activation maps also showed reasonable activation patterns. Postprocessing showed no excessive motion on any task. Each of the language tasks showed superior temporal activation corresponding to receptive language areas which were in proximity to nonenhancing T2-bright edge of the mass within 5 mm in some locations of multiple foci of activation and with multiple areas of overlap between tasks. Foci were within 10mm of enhancing edge. With word generation left inferior frontal activation was consistent with expressive language function and there was also left greater than right prefrontal and premotor activation. Word lists versus tones showed bilateral inferior frontal activation which could indicate some co-dominance but in general language appears to be left dominant. Functional MRI maps are most easily reviewed on series 601-604. Tractography: Arcuate portion of superior longitudinal fasciculus passes in contact with the T2-bright edge of the mass and some fibers within 5-6 mm of enhancing edge as they extend to the superior lateral temporal lobe. Inferior longitudinal and inferior frontal occipital fasciculus fibers past along lateral and superior aspect of the enhancing portion of the mass through the T2-bright surround inseparable from the enhancing edge in some areas. Uncinate fasciculus is within 5 mm of T2-bright edge of the mass but separate from the enhancing portion. Cortical spinal tract was also mapped for convenience but is separate from the mass. Fiber tracks are best reviewed on series 605 and 606.
IMPRESSION:

1. Ill-defined mass of nonenhancing and central cavitating enhancing portion involving much of the temporal lobe with some extension to the occipital lobe elevated blood volume associated with enhancing component and pattern is most consistent with high-grade glioma favor glioblastoma with this pattern although there may be mixed features including oligodendroglioma components and cannot exclude transformation of a previously lower grade glioma. 2. Left dominant language with superior temporal language activation within 5 mm of T2-bright nonenhancing edge of the mass and within 10 mm of enhancing edge. Note that lack of visualization does not necessarily indicate lack of function and not all activating foci are definitely eloquent. 3. Fiber tracts for superior longitudinal and inferior longitudinal inferior frontal occipital fasciculus (SLF ILF IFOF) in proximity to and in some areas inseparable from enhancing edge of the mass or traveling through T2-bright surround uncinate fasciculus (UF) near T2-bright surround but separate from enhancing part. See findings for details series 601-607 for review of fMRI and tractography. Note that lack of visualization of fibers does not necessarily indicate lack of important connectivity and not all fibers displayed are absolutely eloquent. 4. Series for navigation are as follows: 701- 3D postcontrast T1-weighted 702- fMRI passive story listening 704 - fMRI word generation 706- fMRI word lists versus tones 708 - SLF 709 - FLAIR 710 - ILF/IFOF 712 - UF 714 - CST. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.