Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

Final report will be rendered following analysis of spectroscopic and perfusion data. There is a 5.3 (AP) x 4.0 (TR) x 4.8 (CC) cm heterogeneous mass centered within the medial right temporal lobe with extensive surrounding T2 prolongation and mass effect. There is some intrinsic T1 hyperintensity suggesting blood products. Following contrast administration the lesion demonstrates a thick and irregular peripheral enhancement with a nonenhancing central portion suggesting necrosis. Ill-defined enhancement extends anteriorly into the right temporal lobe. There is marginal enhancement of the occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle. The right temporal lobe mass results in compression of the brainstem with effacement of the ambient and interpeduncular cisterns and uncal herniation on the right with effacement of the right suprasellar cistern. There is also subfalcine herniation with right to left midline shift by about 1.4 cm. The mass effect results in compression of the third ventricle with mild dilation of the left lateral ventricle suggesting early obstructive hydrocephalus. A few small foci of nonenhancing T2 prolongation are seen in the periventricular and subcortical white matter bilaterally. No evidence of acute infarct. Mild mucosal thickening seen in the paranasal sinuses. Fluid is seen within the mastoid air cells bilaterally. Orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large necrotic mass within the right temporal lobe as described with surrounding infiltrative pattern of signal abnormality and enhancement most compatible with a high-grade glioma. T2/FLAIR hyperintensity surrounding the mass is likely related to a combination of tumor infiltration and vasogenic edema. 2. There is significant mass effect with compression of the brainstem uncal herniation on the right and subfalcine herniation as described. Additionally there is compression of the third ventricle with dilation of the left lateral ventricle suggesting early obstructive hydrocephalus. 3. Enhancement along the margins of the occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle suggesting tumor infiltration of the ventricular system. This could also be related to secondary ventriculitis due to trapping of the occipital horn. 4. A few small nonspecific foci of nonenhancing T2/FLAIR hyperintensities are scattered bilaterally most likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. Findings were discussed with Dr. Halpern of the neurosurgery service on 9/5/2008 at approximately 1:30 am. Attending note: I agree with the report above and have personally reviewed the images. The enhancement along the ventricle most likely indicates sub ependymal spread of the tumor. While there is some restricted diffusion the high CBV evident on perfusion imaging favors a glial tumor. This is an unusual appearance for metastatic disease and no other lesions are identified but MR spectroscopy was not of diagnostic quality. Because of the unusual appearance of the tumor I would consider unusual histology such as glial sarcoma which can occur in the temporal lobe. Lymphoma cannot be entirely excluded but seems unlikely as indicated above.