Diseases: ['lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

A heterogeneous isointense T1/T2 signal intensity mass is noted within the right posterior parietal occipital lobe junction involving the subcortical white matter and extending to a lesser extent into the gray matter. This mass shows heterogeneous but solid enhancement with foci of internal low T1 signal intensity and internal vascularity. The mass additionally shows mild restricted diffusion. There is extensive surrounding T2/flair hyperintense white matter signal intensity involving the right parietal lobe and partially extending in to the right posterior frontal right posterior temporal occipital lobe and a small amount in the splenium of the corpus collosum. There is mass effect with effacement of the trigone and occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle. There is mild right to left shift. Perfusion imaging demonstrates increased relative cerebral blood volume within the right parietal lobe enhancing mass. MR spectroscopy demonstrates low NAA elevated choline and an elevated lipid/lactate peak in several single voxels which include areas of tumor enhancement. Beyond the enhancing tumor but within surrounding high T2 signal abnormality the spectroscophy appears relatively normal. There is abnormal gyral expansion and T2 hyperintense signal abnormality involving gray matter and subcortical white matter within the medial right temporal lobe as well as the anteromedial right temporal lobe extending into the insula. No avid enhancement or restricted diffusion within the right temporal lobe abnormality is noted. Mild mucosal thickening is noted in the right maxillary sinus. Several rounded foci in the left maxillary sinus may represent mucous retention cysts versus polyps.
IMPRESSION:

1. Abnormal gyral expansion and T2 hyperintense signal abnormality involving gray matter and subcortical white matter within the medial right temporal lobe as well as the anteromedial and inferior right temporal lobe extending into the insula. No avid enhancement or restricted diffusion within the right temporal lobe abnormality is noted. This most likely reflects an infiltrating primary glial neoplasm. 2. Intra-axial mass in the right parietal occipital that has predominantly solid enhancement some mild restricted diffusion and associated extensive T2 signal abnormality in the surrounding parenchymal white matter. Differential considerations include high-grade glial neoplasm/GBM. Lymphoma cannot be excluded. Recommend biopsy.