Diseases: ['schwannoma']
FINDINGS:

Evaluation of the left temporal bone demonstrates complete opacification of the mastoid air cells ad aditus antrum and epitympanum. There is no restricted diffusion. There is expansion of the vertical mastoid segment of the facial canal from the stylomastoid foramen to the posterior genu of the facial nerve suggesting enlargement of the facial nerve with mild enhancement. There is stable dehiscence of the floor/bone around the posterior tympanic portion of the facial canal  but the size of the facial nerve and the bone are preserved around the remaining proximal segment of the tympanic facial nerve. There is tissue opacifying the superior middle ear cavity that does not demonstrate significant enhancement. The ossicles are obscured but without evidence of definite erosion. Scutum is sharp and not eroded. Prussak's space is not expanded. The inner ear structures are unremarkable. The internal auditory canal is not expanded. The tegmen tympani is intact. External auditory canal is clear. Evaluation of the right temporal bone demonstrates normal pneumatization of the mastoid segment of the temporal bone as well as the external auditory canal middle ear cavity hypotympanum and epitympanum. The epitympanum and hypotympanum are clear. The ossicles are intact. The inner ear structures are unremarkable. The internal auditory canal is not expanded. The tegmen tympani is intact. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. There is no abnormal enhancement in the brain. There is subcortical high signal intensity in the posterior right temporal lobe. There is no associated abnormal enhancement. The appearance is nonspecific but may reflect cortical dysplasia sequela of prior trauma or low grade glioma. There are a few additional foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter which are nonspecific. Evaluation of the internal auditory canals and cerebello-pontine angles bilaterally shows no mass or pathologic enhancement. Stable right lamina papricea defect with herniation of orbital fat into the defect. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear. Complete opacification of the left mastoid air cells is again noted. Evaluation of the aerodigestive tract demonstrates no focal abnormality. There is a prominent right level IIa lymph node measuring 1cm in short dimension. Otherwise evaluation of the cervical lymph chains demonstrates no pathologic lymphadenopathy by imaging criteria. The visualized glands are unremarkable. Incidentally noted are spondylotic changes of the cervical spine the study is not tailored to assess this.
IMPRESSION:

1. Expansion of the vertical mastoid segment of the facial canal from the stylomastoid foramen to the posterior genu of the facial nerve suggesting enlargement of the facial nerve with enhancement. There is dehiscence of the floor/bone around the posterior tympanic portion of the facial canal see image but the size of the facial nerve and the bone are preserved around the remaining proximal segment of the tympanic facial nerve. There is tissue opacifying the superior middle ear cavity. Imaging findings are most suggestive of a schwannoma of the facial nerve with a pedunculated portion filling the ear cavity as above. There is obstruction of the drainage resulting in mastoid opacification as above. Imaging appearance of the lesion in the ear cavity is less typical of a cholesteatoma in particular given the enlargement of the facial nerve canal. Perineural spread of neoplasm is felt to be much less likely given lack of destruction and clinical exam. 2. No abnormality detected in the right temporal bone. 3. No mass or pathologic enhancement in the internal auditory canals or cerebello-pontine angles. 4.Stable Abnormal ill-defined subcortical T2/FLAIR signal in the posterior right temporal lobe without enhancement or significant mass effect nonspecific; this may represent sequela of prior trauma cortical dysplasia or low grade glioma. 3. Essentially unremarkable MRI of the neck ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.