Diseases: ['normal', 'glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

This study is somewhat degraded by motion related artifact. There is a large intra-axial mass in the posterior left frontal lobe with irregular peripheral enhancement and central necrosis measuring up to 3.7 x 4 cm (series 19 image 29). There is extensive surrounding T2/FLAIR signal abnormality throughout the deep subcortical and periventricular white matter of the posterior left frontal lobe. This extends to the cortex laterally the precentral gyrus posteriorly into the centrum semi-ovale and subcortical white matter superiorly medially to involve the body of the corpus callosum crossing the midline and inferomedially to involve the posterior limb of the left internal capsule and the left thalamus. There is associated mass effect with effacement of left frontal and temporal lobe sulci partial effacement of the left lateral ventricle and 1 cm rightward midline shift. There is more mild T2/FLAIR signal abnormality throughout the white matter of the left parietal lobe extending into the left temporal lobe. There additional nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation adjacent to the frontal horns which may represent sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia.. There is a small satellite lesion with peripheral enhancement measuring 6 x 10 mm (series 19 and image 120) and central high T2 signal in the left periatrial white matter. There is extraaxial collection. The intracranial flow voids are normal. The calvarium is normal. The orbits are normal. The paranasal sinuses are normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large intra-axial posterior left frontal lobe mass with irregular peripheral enhancement and central necrosis most likely representing high-grade glioma. 2. Surrounding T2/FLAIR signal abnormality as described extending to the left precentral gyrus across the midline in the body of the corpus callosum and involving the posterior limb of the left internal capsule and the left thalamus. Mass-effect with sulcal effacement partial effacement of the left lateral ventricle and 1 cm leftward midline shift. More mild T2 prolongation in the white matter of the left parietal lobe extending into the temporal lobe. 3. Small 6 x 10 mm peripherally enhancing satellite lesion in the left periatrial white matter. 4. Post-processed images from perfusion weighted imaging and diffusion-tensor imaging as well as spectroscopy are not available at the time of this preliminary interpretation. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: MR perfusion demonstrates increased rCBV in the enhancing components of the mass. MR spectroscopy demonstrates neoplastic spectra in the enhancing components of the mass including the satellite lesion and evidence of central necrosis with decreased normal metabolites peaks and elevation of the lipid/lactate peaks. Conventional and advanced MRI findings are consistent with a high grade glial neoplasm likely glioblastoma. Mild mucosal thickening in the paranasal sinuses. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation