Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

There is an aggressive appearing mass with peripheral irregular enhancement centered in left temporal lobe and measuring about 28 x 46 mm in greatest transverse dimension. There is internal curvilinear enhancement as well and there are other areas of irregular ring enhancement centered in the posterior limb left internal capsule involving basal ganglia and thalamus with extension to lateral midbrain and another focus of enhancement medial lentiform nucleus probably involving anterior commissure on the left. There is ependymal enhancement anterior left temporal horn. Another separate focus of enhancement is seen in subcortical anterior left temporal pole (series 15 image 54). Although there are enhancing foci which are separate from each other surrounding these is abnormal signal intensity on the T2 weighted and flair images consistent with tumorigenic edema with signal abnormality left anterior temporal pole in subcortical white matter and blurring of gray-white matter margins in this location suggesting cortical infiltration as well signal abnormality also along the left optic tract overall pattern consistent with infiltrating process. There is minimal effacement left temporal horn on the rest of the lateral ventricle to a lesser extent mild midline shift to the right by about 4-5 mm. Scattered tiny hyperintensities in the deep and subcortical white matter elsewhere are nonspecific possibly chronic small vessel ischemic changes. Source images from gradient echo based perfusion data set shows some areas of susceptibility suggest some blood products in the temporal portion of the mass. On diffusion-weighted images there are areas of decreased diffusion in the center of the dominant temporal mass. This may represent necrotic material other areas of apparent cavitation do not shows central decreased diffusion nor is the diffusion abnormality striking. Blood volume in the enhancing portion is elevated greater than 10 times contralateral white matter in the enhancing part. Elevations in blood volume appear to follow the enhancing areas without marked extension into the surrounding signal abnormality on long-TR images but conventional imaging still favors infiltrative pattern. Spectroscopy shows decreased NAA outside the enhancing part of the mass and elevated choline relative to creatine in enhancing parts of the mass with increasing lipid/lactate peaks and areas of apparent cavitation consistent with necrosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Aggressive-appearing mass with multicentric enhancement and infiltrative appearance minimal mass effect and midline shift ependymal enhancement also noted as detailed above. 2. Perfusion-weighted imaging shows elevated blood volume an aggressive-appearing portions of the mass more than 10 times contralateral white matter in many locations. Although elevated blood volume tends to correspond to enhancing areas conventional imaging suggests infiltrative pattern and ill defined mass and spectroscopy confirms abnormal metabolic ratios in nonenhancing areas. Findings are most consistent with high grade glioma such as glioblastoma.