Diseases: ['metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated is a large heterogeneous peripherally enhancing mass in the medial right parietal lobe in the region of the forceps major with possible extension into the splenium of the corpus callosum. Again noted is extensive surrounding FLAIR signal abnormality throughout the right parietal lobe and extending into the posterior right frontal lobe involving both the precentral and postcentral gyri. FLAIR signal abnormality extends across the midline in the posterior body and splenium of the corpus callosum. Again noted is local mass effect with sulcal effacement effacement of the atrium of the right lateral ventricle trapping of the temporal horn and stable 2 mm leftward midline shift. The ventricles are unchanged in size. The basal cisterns are patent. Incidentally noted is cavum septum pellucidum et vergae. Corticospinal tracts were mapped bilaterally with seed and/ or inclusion of the cerebral peduncles and the sensorimotor cortices. Using the left side as a normal internal reference the bulk of the corticospinal tract fibers appear to be decreased on the right relative to the left. The right CST is seen in the anterior lateral relation of the region of FLAIR signal abnormality (series 601 image 40). As above there is paucity of fibers on the right while some of the fibers appear distorted/displaced laterally around the region of FLAIR signal abnormality. Again in comparison to the contralateral side corticospinal tract fibers can be inferred to pass within 8 mm of the lateral margin of the enhancing mass (series 602 image 62). Lack of visualization of fibers does not necessarily imply lack of integrity or connectivity for example on image number 89 of series 602 there is lack of visualization of fibers in the region of right primary motor cortex. It is uncertain whether these fibers are disrupted/involved or this is technical in nature. Registered STEALTH navigation series for corticospinal tracts were created and uploaded to PACS system as follows: Series 701 - STEALTH axial 3-D T1 weighted postcontrast series 702 - corticospinal tract maps series 703 - STEALTH FLAIR.
IMPRESSION:

1. Redemonstrated heterogeneous peripherally enhancing mass in the medial right parietal lobe with extensive surrounding FLAIR signal abnormality and stable mass effect. Differential includes high-grade glioma or metastasis. 2. Diffusion tensor tractography indicates that right corticospinal tract fibers pass in the anterior lateral relation of the region of FLAIR signal abnormality and within 8 mm of the lateral margin of the enhancing mass with suggestion of some paucity of right CST fibres in relation to the left side. There is lack of visualization of fibers in the region of right primary motor cortex and it is uncertain whether these fibers are disrupted/involved or this is technical in nature. Note: Lack of visualization of fibers does not necessarily imply lack of integrity or connectivity. See above discussion for details. 3. Post contrast Stealth imaging performed with fiducials. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation