Diseases: ['oligodendroglioma']
FINDINGS:

January 17 2010 pre-operative brain MRI demonstrates a large heterogeneous nodular enhancing lesion in the right paramedian posterior frontal parietal lobe extending into the sensory-motor strip with some areas of susceptibility at the superior margin either calcification or blood product. The lesion abutts with mild dural enhancement of the posteior falx as well as small area of the posterior superior sagittal sinus. The sinus appears grossly patent. There is surrounding T2 hyperintensity signal extending to the periventricular white matter with mass effect upon the mid right corpus callosal body rather than frank invasion. The splenium appears unremarkable and there is no signal abnormality in the contralateral brain or elsewhere. The lesions shows some areas of restricted diffusion where there is enhancement suggestive of high cellularity. For the patient's age and imaging findings this is most likely anaplastic astrocytoma/GBM or high-grade oligodendroglioma. There is mild effacement of the posteior right lateral ventricle. January 19 2010 postoperative examination demonstrates resection of the enhancing portion of the tumor with questionable residual nodular enhancement at the inferior posterior margin of the surgical cavity best seen on pre and post contrast axial image 16 and 17 which may be evident on coronal images 7-9. Otherwise the residual nonenhancing T2 hyperintensity in the right frontal parietal lobe is essentially unchanged as well as the mass effect to the right lateral ventricle. Minimal cytotoxic edema surrounding the surgical cavity is noted; otherwise there is no evidence of acute infarct.
IMPRESSION:

1. Pre-op 1/17/2010: Findings of anaplastic astrocytoma/GBM or high-grade oligodendroglioma of the paramedian right frontoparietal lobe with signal extension to the sensory-motor strip. 2. Post-op 1/19/2010: Questionable residual nodular enhancement at the inferior posterior margin of the surgical cavity. The residual nonenhancing T2 hyperintensity in the right frontal parietal lobe most likely infiltrative non-enhancing glioma.