Diseases: ['lipoma']
FINDINGS:

Callosal lipoma is again noted and there is minimal expansion in signal and are not in the left splenium of the corpus callosum associated also with signal abnormality in these left genu of the corpus callosum. Pattern may represent some callosal dysgenesis associated with lipoma though expansile character is not typical. The finding is however stable dating back to 5/15/2006 study. There are a few nonspecific tiny white matter hyperintensities in deep and subcortical white matter nonspecific pattern appear stable compared to prior. No abnormal enhancement no new lesions clearly identified. There is slight variance sulcation adjacent to occipital horn right greater than left lateral ventricle but this has also remained stable over time. Ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise age-appropriate and relatively symmetric no definite cortical abnormality however. There is remodeling of the left sphenoid bone with probable arachnoid cyst left anterior middle cranial fossae stable. Alignment of the cervical spine is straightened mild multi-level degenerative changes are noted which appears similar to prior. Cervical cord is within normal limits in caliber and without significant compromise of the spinal canal or degenerative changes are most notable from C4 to C7 worst at C5/6 as before. No convincing lesions are identified in the cervical cord thickening confirmed on two planes no convincing abnormal enhancement. There are prominent scattered cervical nodes again identified but appears stable within limits of this study. In the thoracic cord no convincing lesions are identified within the cord. There are mild degenerative changes at some levels including the small central protrusion at T6/7. No abnormal enhancement.
IMPRESSION:

1. Few nonspecific tiny hyperintensities in supratentorial white matter without abnormal enhancement or change since 5/8/2008. 2. Signal abnormality genu and splenium corpus callosum with minimal expansion splenium and associated pericallosal lipoma stable since 2006. Remodeling left sphenoid bone with small arachnoid cyst remains stable as well. 3. No convincing signal abnormalities in the cervical cord no abnormal enhancement relatively stable degenerative changes. 4. No convincing lesions thoracic cord mild degenerative changes no change since prior.