Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'gangliocytoma']
FINDINGS:

In the left medial cerebellar hemisphere there is a lesion measuring up to 27-mm which is predominantly T2 hyperintense with somewhat linear bands of low signal intensity. There is increased signal on DWI images however no corresponding hypointensity seen on corresponding ADC map and likely represents T2 shine through. There is no definite enhancement however the postcontrast images are degraded by artifacts. This lesion on retrospect appears present on prior CT head 6/1/11. There is no effacement of the 4th ventricle. There are scattered T2 hyperintensities in the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter nonspecific but likely secondary to chronic small vessel ischemic changes. There is an old infarct in the left frontal lobe white matter. No acute territorial infarction midline shift intracranial hemorrhage or extra- axial fluid collection. The ventricles and basal cisterns are patent. The orbits are normal. There are status-post left frontal sinus surgery changes with scalp thickening over the left frontal region likely sequela of prior surgery. These findings are better seen on the CT head performed on the same day. Mild mucosal thickening in the paranasal sinus. Small mucous retention cyst in the right maxillary sinus. The mastoid air cells are clear. There is a subcutaneous 16 mm lesion in the right occipital scalp without definite enhancement unchanged since prior CT scans. Findings are of uncertain etiology but is likely benign.
IMPRESSION:

1. A nonenhancing 27-mm lesion in the left cerebellar hemisphere which on retrospect appears present on CT of 6/1/11. Although low-grade glioma is a consideration this is atypical location for patient's age. Findings are also not characteristic of metastatic disease or lymphoma. Given that it has been present since 2011 infectious processes is also very unlikely. The somewhat striated "tigroid" or gyriform pattern in appearance on T2 is suggestive of Lhermitte-Duclos disease (dysplastic cerebellar gangliocytoma). Further evaluation with advanced imaging MRI including perfusion and spectroscopy may be helpful. 2. No acute territorial infarct or intracranial hemorrhage. Old infarct in the left frontal white matter. 3. Postsurgical changes related to left frontal sinus surgery.