Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

Mild interval improvement of signal abnormality and nodular/linear enhancement throughout the bilateral cerebral hemispheres including the subcortical and deep white matter bilateral deep gray nuclei hypothalamus midbrain dorsal pons and medulla; with only minimal residual enhancement in the region of the previously seen left retro-splenial cingulate gyrus ring enhancement. However there has been interval worsening of restricted diffusion involving the right caudate head right periventricular corona radiata bilateral internal and external capsules bilateral thalami left medial temporal lobe right medial occipital lobe and possible involvement of the brainstem. Again noted is a small well-circumscribed enhancing mass within the left prepontine cistern demonstrating a probable small dural tail. Findings are stable and likely reflect a small meningioma or less likely a small schwannoma. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. There is no parenchymal hemorrhage or midline shift. No extra-axial fluid collection is present. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. Circumferential right maxillary mucosal disease and small left maxillary retention cyst.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mild interval improvement of signal abnormality and enhancement throughout the bilateral cerebral hemispheres deep gray nuclei and dorsal brain stem; however worsening restricted diffusion involving the deep gray nuclei/white matter left medial temporal lobe right medial occipital lobe and possibly brainstem. Differential considerations remain unchanged and mixed interval imaging findings suggest a combination of progression of disease process and posttreatment effects. *ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: Given involvement of gray and white matter and progression of findings on T2-weighted sequences consider vasculitis encephalitis (e. g. West Nile) Behcet disease Whipple disease and Lyme disease. Consider correlation with conventional cerebral angiography for further evaluation of vasculitis. There has been mild diffuse effacement of cerebral sulci since the previous examination indicating progressive inflammation/mass effect. Advise close follow-up.