Diseases: ['cadasil', 'cadasil']
FINDINGS:

There is increased FLAIR/T2 signal in the white matter of the bilateral cerebra greatest in the parasagittal regions with some cortical involvement which is overall slightly asymmetrical and worst in the right occipital lobe. There is progressive signal abnormality in the corpus callosum which is now more diffusely involved and thinned. On the previous examination of 2006 there did appear to be abnormal T2 prolongation in the splenium of the corpus callosum not typical for age-related white matter change. There are also prominent cystic structures in the right occipital region likely prominent perivascular spaces. There is mild increased FLAIR signal in the brainstem. There is no enhancement or restricted diffusion associated. The lateral and third ventricles are stable compared to recent head CT but increased compared to prior brain MRI. Sulci have also increased since that prior MRI. Findings are most likely due to diffuse atrophy. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is no pathologic enhancement. There is patent intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis. There is no intracranial aneurysm . Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis. Bovine configuration of the aortic arch.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bilateral predominately white matter disease with conspicuous abnormalities of the cortical gray matter and associated diffuse cerebral volume loss. This pattern is unusual for demyelinating disease although that remains a possibility. Other and perhaps more likely considerations would include CADASIL and vasculitis. Further evaluation with cerebral angiography could be obtained correlate with any CSF studies. Consider additional testing for CADASIL. 2. No stenosis occlusion or aneurysm of the intracranial arteries. 3. Patent neck vasculature. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.