Diseases: ['cadasil']
FINDINGS:

There are extensive confluent and focal areas of T2 prolongation in the in the bilateral periventricular deep and subcortical white matter (including the anterior temporal lobes) deep gray nuclei brainstem and deep left cerebellar white matter consistent with given diagnosis of CADASIL. When compared with the prior exam of 11/9/2012 there has been slight increase in extent of signal abnormality in the deep left cerebellar white matter. Gradient echo images demonstrate scattered foci of micro-hemorrhage throughout the brain similar to prior study with one new focus identified in the medial right temporal lobe also likely manifestations of CADASIL. There is a stable focus of T1 hyperintensity in the right periventricular white matter which may represent mineralization and/or methemoglobin. This was better seen on the prior study. There is no definite parenchymal pathologic enhancement. There are enhancing extra-axial masses over the left frontal and right parietal convexities consistent with meningiomas stable in size from November 9 2010. The left frontal meningioma measures 2.5 x 2.5 x 2.0 cm and the right parietal meningioma measures 1.0 x 0.6 x 0.5 cm. The larger lesion is only minimally increased in size compared to a prior study from 1/30/2007. There are no findings of acute ischemia extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. Cerebral volume is normal for age with stable prominence of of the central sulcus bilaterally. The basal cisterns are patent. Intracranial flow voids are preserved. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are essentially clear. The orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extensive foci of signal abnormality throughout the brain as above consistent with CADASIL predominately stable. Slight interval increase in extent of left cerebellar white matter signal abnormality. Microhemorrhages are similar in extent to the prior. No acute infarction. 2. Stable left frontal and right parietal meningiomas. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.