Diseases: ['cadasil']
FINDINGS:

MRI examination of the brain was performed using sagittalT1 axial T2 FLAIR gradient echo diffusion and axial and coronalpost gadolinium T1 weighted sequences. Additionally MR spectroscopywas performed using both single- and multi-voxel techniques.Single-voxel interrogation was performed in a left posterior centrumsemiovale lesion at TE=35 and 144 msec. Multi-voxel spectroscopy wasperformed at TE=144 msec within the bifrontal regions.There are no prior examinations for comparison.Anatomic images demonstrate multiple patchy areas of abnormal T2 andFLAIR signal abnormality within the white matter. This primarilyinvolves the posterior centrum semiovale in a symetric fashion alsoslightly involves the frontal regions though to a much lesser degree.These areas do not exert mass effect nor do they enhance. Also notedare multiple small well-defined areas of signal abnormality in thebasal ganglia bilaterally possibly within white matter tracts. Theseareas also do not enhance. Gradient echo imaging demonstrates noareas of abnormal susceptibility. Diffusion-weighted imagingdemonstrates no acute infarcts.There are no abnormal intracranial fluid collections or hemorrhages.The gray-white matter junctions are normal. There is no evidence ofan acute territorial infarction. The intracranial flow voids arenormal. There is no abnormal enhancement upon the administration ofintraveous contrast.MR spectra are essentially unremarkable. In areas of abnormal signalabnormality there do not appear to be alterations of the amplitudepeaks and ratios of choline creatine NAA and myoinositol comparedto normal appearing areas. There is no identifiable lactate peak.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple areas of patchy white matter disease as described above.This consistent with but not specific for CADASIL. Please clinicallycorrelate. 2. MR spectroscopic evaluation shows no alterations ofmetabolites in areas of abnormal signal intensity.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: SCHWARTZ ERIC MD