Diseases: ['cadasil']
FINDINGS:

Unenhanced MRI of the brain was performed on a 3.0 Tesla system the following sequences were acquired: Localizing images were followed by sagittal T1 FLAIR axial FLAIR axial T2-weighted axial diffusion-weighted and unenhanced T1-weighted. Intravenous contrast was not administered per referring physician request. Comparison dated 12/24/2012. Redemonstrated are innumerable somewhat bilaterally symmetric foci of T2 signal abnormality in the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter as well as within the subcortical white matter of the anterior temporal lobes. These are not associated with mass effect. Of note there are prominent associated perivascular spaces most pronounced in the bilateral subinsular white matter and in the anterior temporal lobes. No acute stroke. On image 1 of series 3 corresponding to image 2 of series 4 there is a demarcated 11 mm T1 and T2 hyperintense lesion overlying the mandible/within the left masseter muscle. This appears new when compared to the prior examination. This is of uncertain etiology and significance it is uncertain whether this is related to interval trauma/posttraumatic is vascular or a neoplasm. Clinical correlation is required. This can be further assessed with ultrasound.
IMPRESSION:

1. No significant interval change in the extensive subcortical and deep white matter changes of the bilateral cerebral and are somewhat bilaterally symmetric detailed above. There is also stable involvement of the subcortical white matter in the bilateral temporal lobes. Findings are consistent with Cadasil disease or Binswanger disease. 2. Interval development of a new 11 mm mass in the left masseter muscle etiology uncertain. Posttraumatic vascular and neoplastic processes should be considered. This can be further assessed with ultrasound. Followup cross-sectional imaging in 4-8 weeks to assess for interval change. A Yellow message has been communicated to MICHAEL T MULLEN MD via the PowerScribe 360 \F\ Critical Result system on 10/30/2013 11:58 AM Message ID 1085092.