Diseases: ['cadasil', 'pseudotumor']
FINDINGS:

MRI brain: Confluent T2 prolongation is noted symmetrically involving the subcortical and deep white matter of bilateral anterior temporal lobes and the subinsular white matter. Questionable slight expansion of the anterior temporal sulci. Otherwise there are numerous nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation involving the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter of bilateral cerebral hemispheres. No acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or herniation. No acute infarct. No pathologic enhancement. Partially empty mildly expanded sella turcica. Ventricles and sulci are age-appropriate. Major intracranial flow voids appear patent. Enhancing left parotid nodule possibly lymph node. There is mild mucosal thickening in the paranasal sinuses. MRV brain: Superior sagittal sinus straight sinus transverse and sigmoid sinuses as well as the upper internal jugular veins are patent without evidence of thrombosis. There is mild narrowing/flattening of bilateral transverse-sigmoid sinus junctions.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bilateral symmetric temporal and insular subcortical and deep white matter T2 hyperintensity without diffusion restriction or enhancement. Clinical correlation for HSV encephalopathy although absence of enhancement or diffusion restriction is not consistent with an acute infection. Other considerations include CADASIL or other vasculitic conditions paraneoplastic disorders and metabolic diseases such as Wilson's disease or hyperammonemia. 2. Otherwise nonspecific scattered focal white matter changes predominantly involving the subcortical and deep white matter of bilateral cerebral hemispheres much more than expected for age. These findings do not help to narrow the differential but likely reflect the same process for which differential above is described. 3. Partially empty expanded sella turcica and flattened lateral transverse dural venous sinuses may reflect pseudotumor cerebri. Opening pressure should be obtained on lumbar puncture.