Diseases: ['meningioma', 'cadasil']
FINDINGS:

Ventricles and CSF spaces are nearly symmetric and minimally prominent top normal for age but increased compared to 2001. There are nearly confluent regions of increased intensity on T2-weighted images in the periventricular deep and to a lesser extent subcortical white matter. These findings involve gray matter to much lesser extent although there is diffuse increased intensity bilateral thalamus which was seen to some extent previously. Overall the extent of these abnormalities has increased since the comparison study 2001. There is increased intensity along white matter tracts extending through cerebral peduncles into medulla and more diffuse abnormal increased signal intensity in the pons also increasing. Anterior temporal white matter is involved as seen previously. Midline corpus callosum appears relatively spared. No mass effect or midline shift is evident. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. There is an approximately 5 mm dural-based nodule along the right falx seen well only on post-contrast images (series 11 image five and series 13 image 26. This was not seen previously. Diffuse dural enhancement seen previously has largely resolved and is no longer apparent. There is a small developmental venous anomaly of posterior frontal lobe unchanged in appearance The evaluation of the orbit shows abnormal signal intensity in optic nerves especially canalicular portion and the optic nerves appear somewhat small. These findings appear more pronounced than on comparison study. Focal enhancement is not appreciated however.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small approximately 5 mm dural-based extra-axial mass adjacent to right parafalcine frontal region appearing since 2001 likely small meningioma. Diffuse dural enhancement has resolved. 2. Abnormal increase in signal intensity canalicular portions optic nerves on T2-weighted images without enhancement with atrophy of entire optic nerves progressing since prior. 3. Nearly confluent signal abnormality on long-TR images in white matter and to a lesser extent brainstem and bilateral thalamus with mild parenchymal volume loss since 2001 but with relative sparing central corpus callosum. Origin of signal abnormality is unclear possibilities include underlying metabolic disorder such as metachromatic leukodystrophy other leukoencephalopathies like adult onset vanishing white matter disease less likely CADASIL. Findings could represent demyelinating process though some features are atypical for this including lack of involvement midline corpus callosum and lack of "black holes" given extent of process. Discussed with Dr. Volpe 5/15/2009.