Diseases: ['hematoma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Study is mildly degraded by motion. There is a small extra-axial hematoma measuring up to 4 mm in maximal width over the left frontoparietal convexity corresponding to hyperattenuation on the prior CT. it exerts mild mass effect on underlying left frontal lobe. There is mild associated dural thickening and enhancement. There is stable to slightly decreased size of extra-axial dural based enhancing mass along the paramedian right parietal convexity abutting the superior sagittal sinus measuring approximately 17 x 11 x 11 mm compared to 17 x 12 x 12 mm previously. Mild vasogenic edema in the underlying right postcentral gyrus has decreased from the prior study. Redemonstrated is a focus of enhancement in the right parietal lobe (series 9 image 19) poorly evaluated due to motion with associated mild T2 prolongation. Again it is uncertain if this represents a capillary telangiectasia or a metastasis. Additional few scattered nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation in the subcortical and deep white matter. There is no abnormal diffusion restriction in the brain parenchyma to suggest acute ischemia. There is no evidence of midline shift or herniation. Ventricles and sulci appear slightly more prominent suggestive of interval volume loss which may be treatment related. Orbits are unremarkable. Frontal sinuses are hypoplastic. Trace mucosal thickening is noted in posterior ethmoid air cells and sphenoid sinuses. The nasal septum is minimally deviated to the left. There is increased opacification of scattered right greater than left mastoid air cells. There is an essentially stable large area of marrow replacement in the left parietal calvarium with smaller foci of marrow replacement seen more superiorly in the left parietal bone as well as in the right occipital condyle and C2 vertebral body and spinous process consistent with metastases.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small left frontoparietal subdural hematoma with mild associated mass effect upon the underlying brain parenchyma without evidence of midline shift or herniation.. 2. Stable to slightly decreased size of extra-axial dural based enhancing mass along paramedian right parietal convexity. Decreased vasogenic edema in the underlying right post central gyrus. 3. Faint focus of enhancement in the right parietal white matter poorly evaluated due to motion and again possibly representing a capillary telangiectasia with metastasis not excluded. 4. Multiple osseous metastases.