Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

There are no internal comparison studies.In the brain ventricles and CSF spaces are symmetric and appearwithin normal limits for stated age of 62. There are scatteredhyperintensities in the subcortical periventricular and deepwhite matter nonspecific. There are no abnormal enhancing fociin the brain although there is a small left frontal developmentalvenous anomaly (venous angioma). On the sagittal T1-weightedimage there is heterogeneity in the clivus and upper cervicalspine. There also some areas of decreased intensity in thecalvarium although at least some fatty marrow is still present inthese regions. This is a nonspecific finding that could representtreatment-related changes but also possibly bony metastaticdisease with history of lung cancer.Evaluation of face and orbits reveals symmetric signal intensityand enhancement in soft tissues and orbits. There is no abnormalenhancement. Prominent accessory parotid tissue seensuperficially over masseter muscles within normal limits ofanatomic variation. Some maxillary teeth are missing anterior andright.In the neck an implanted right venous catheter is identified thetip of which is difficult to see with this technique. Importantlyhowever there is T1-bright signal in the right internal jugularvein starting at about the level of C3 and extending inferiorly tothe junction with subclavian vein and into superior vena cava.This is a filling defect on post-contrast images and is consistentwith thrombus. There is some edema around the thrombosed jugularvein and part of superior vena cava best seen on series 14 (axialSTIR images).As described on MR of the brain there is heterogeneity throughoutthe bone marrow. This could reflect changes from therapy orchronic illness but bony metastatic disease can cause thisappearance. No definite bony changes can be identified on therecent CT of the chest at 5/18/06 but pulmonary metastases weredescribed at that time. Multiple pulmonary nodules are confirmedon sections from the neck exam extending into the upper lungfields.
IMPRESSION:

1. Right internal jugular vein thrombosis with extension intoSVC on side of implanted catheter tip not adequately visualizedwith this technique.2. Pulmonary metastases.3. Possible diffuse bony metastases see above for details.4. Unremarkable MRI brain except for nonspecific hyperintensitieswhite matter on long-TR images possibly chronic small vesselischemic change or perhaps related to treatments such as radiationtherapy if this has been done.Above findings discussed with Dr. Glover 5/26/06.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation