Diseases: ['astrocytoma']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status-post a suboccipital craniectomy for resection ofa reported pilocytic or low grade astrocytoma. When compared to theprior examination there is no significant interval change in theappearance of the posterior fossa. Redemonstrated is atrophy of thecerebellar hemispheres as well as the brain stem. There is cysticmalacia of the fourth ventricle and vermial region; the fourthventricle is expanded into the area of malacic vermia. There is stablesignal abnormality in the medial cerebellar hemispheres bilaterally along the midline cavity. There is stable signal alteration of thesuperior cerebellar peduncles bilaterally and along the upper vermison the left. There are stable old blood products. Following contrastadministration redemonstrated is linear enhancement along theanterolateral margin of the fourth ventricle which was presentpreviously and may correspond to scar or vessels. There is a stablenodule of enhancement along the ventral aspect of the fourthventricle/medial brachium pontis on the left.There is a ventricular catheter positioned via left parietal approach;it traverses the left lateral ventricle. This is stable within theprior examination. The ventricles are completely decompressed. Thereis stable periventricular high signal intensity and there is stablehigh signal intensity in the pulvinar of the left thalamus. There isstable diffuse signal alteration of the corpus callosum throughout thebody as well as regions of cystic malacia. Clinical correlation isadvised; it is possible that this is related to priorinstrumentations. Also noted is stable signal abnormality and malaciawithin the deep white matter of the centrum semiovale in the posteriorfrontal lobes bilaterally and extending into the parietal lobes right markedly more pronounced than left. A separate focus of signalabnormality in the deep and subcortical white matter of the leftfrontal lobe is also stable. There is stable diffuse dural thickeningand/or chronic effusions/collections. This avidly enhances followingcontrast administration and is globally present over the cerebralconvexities and the interhemispheric fissure. There is loculatedsubdural fluid in the right occipital region. These do not exertsignificant mass effect and are stable with the prior examination.There is persistent thick abnormal enhancement along the tentoriumcerebelli present previously.No new regions of pathologic enhancement are demonstrated in the brainparenchyma.There are findings most likely corresponding to a venous angioma inthe right temporoparietal region.Redemonstrated are findings most likely corresponding to denervationatrophy of the muscles of mastication on the left for which clinicalcorrelation is advised.
IMPRESSION:

1. No significant interval change in the appearance of the brain. Thepatient is status-post an occipital craniotomy and resection of amidline cerebellar tumor reportedly an astrocytoma. There is nosignificant interval change in the appearance of the cerebellum asdetailed above.2. Stable ventricular catheter ventricular decompression anddiffuse dural enhancement as detailed above.3. Stable signal alteration and cystic malacic changes throughout thecorpus callosum (correlate for prior instrumentations).4. Stable extensive white matter change as above.5. Denervation of left muscles of mastication.6. Results called to Dr. Eric Zager at the time of attendinginterpretation.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: LOEVNER LAURIE A MD