Diseases: ['gliosis']
FINDINGS:

BRAIN: The patient is status post partial right temporal lobectomy. Again seen as a large encephalomalacia cavity in the anterior aspect of the right middle cranial fossa. Surrounding the center cavity and there are areas of T2 prolongation slightly increased from the prior study and likely represents postoperative gliosis. The previously described area linear enhancement posterior to surgical cavity thought to represent a developmental venous anomaly is again visualized. No areas of abnormal parenchymal enhancement are seen. There is a punctate focus of subcortical white matter T2 prolongation (series 9 image 9) in the right parietal lobe of uncertain etiology but doubtful clinical significance. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. C-SPINE: Evaluation of the cervical spine demonstrates normal alignment. No focal marrow lesions are identified. The cervical spinal cord is intrinsically normal in size without focal regions of volume loss or expansion. There are multi-level degenerative changes. Segmental analysis is as follows: C2/3: Small central disc protrusion without significant narrowing of spinal canal or neural foramina bilaterally. C3/4: Osteophyte disc complex which narrows the ventral CSF space without cord abutment. C4/5: Osteophyte disc complex which effaces the ventral CSF space and mildly deforms the ventral surface of the spinal cord without causing signal abnormality. There is mild narrowing of the left neural foramina. C5/6: Osteophyte disc complex with minimal narrowing of the ventral CSF space without significantly narrowing the spinal canal or neural foramina bilaterally. C6/7: No significant intervertebral disc pathology. C7/T1: No significant intervertebral disc pathology.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute pathology within the brain. 2. Postsurgical changes from partial right temporal lobectomy. Increasing gliosis around the surgical cavity. 3. Punctate focus of subcortical white matter T2 prolongation in the right parietal lobe of uncertain etiology but doubtful clinical significance.4. Multi-level degenerative changes within the cervical spine worst at C3/4 C4/5 and C5/6 as above.