Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Imaging is suboptimal secondary to motion. Redemonstrated is a CSF signal cystically dilated appearance of the anterior margin and floor of the third ventricle which displaces the inferior margin of the hypothalamus and optic nerves which extends to and may invaginate into the sphenoid sinus. The pituitary stalk is displaced somewhat anteriorly. Neurohypophysis is not confidently seen. There is mild soft tissue along the anterior margin of the sella which could represent residual pituitary. Redemonstrated is a 1.9 x 1.7 x 1.3 cm extra-axial enhancing right parasagittal mass adjacent to the frontal lobe with remodeling of the frontal bone similar in appearance to prior MRI felt to most likely represent a meningioma; there is mild associated mass effect on adjacent parenchyma. There is no evidence of superior sagittal sinus invasion.. There is no evidence of acute ischemia. There are extensive T2/FLAIR hyperintensities scattered throughout the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter consistent with sequela of microvascular ischemic changes. There is a stable discrete region of encephalomalacia and gliosis involving the left parietotemporal region reflective of remote prior infarct. Bilateral basal ganglia thalamic pontine and cerebellar peduncle lacunae. A multiple remote prior cerebellar infarcts. There is scattered foci of hemosiderin staining within the brainstem and gray-white matter junctions in the cerebral hemispheres from probable prior microhemorrhages. There is decreased volume of the left cerebral peduncle consistent with Wallerian degeneration. Somewhat patulous appearance of left Meckel's cave of uncertain significance. Imaged vascular flow voids are within normal limits for exam technique. No suspicious pathologic marrow signal changes. Imaged orbits are unremarkable. No significant paranasal sinus mucosal changes.
IMPRESSION:

1. Cystic dilation adjacent to or arising from the anterior aspect of the third ventricle which extends to and perhaps invaginate into the sphenoid sinus. On prior exams a defined osseous covering is not clearly identified adjacent to this dilated lesion extending toward the sphenoid sinus. Differential considerations would include a cephalocele versus epidermoid/arachnoid cyst. Dedicated maxillofacial CT would be helpful for assessing osseous integrity of the sphenoid sinus. 2. Similar appearing right frontal meningioma. 3. Bilateral basal ganglia thalamic and brainstem lacunae. Supratentorial white matter sequela of microvascular ischemic changes. Remote prior cerebellar infarcts. Remote prior left parietal infarct. 4. Somewhat enlarged appearance left Meckel's cave possibly due to altered CSF dynamics in this location or an arachnoid granulation. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation