Diseases: ['empyema', 'cerebritis']
FINDINGS:

Again seen are present with changes of left parietal craniotomy with a lenticular extra-axial fluid collection along the left parietal convexity under craniotomy flap with resolution of the previously seen air fluid level. Inferior to this along the left temporal convexity there is a loculated extra-axial collection which demonstrates decreased diffusion and rim enhancement concerning for a subdural empyema could communicate with more lens shaped collection. Part of this loculated rim enhancing collection extends into the left temporal lobe and comes into contact with the temporal horn of the left lateral ventricle and is associated with mild ependymal enhancement of the temporal horn concerning for developing ventriculitis. Adjacent to this there is T2/FLAIR hyperintensity which has increased since prior. There is new edema as well as swelling in the posterior left temporal lobe cortex adjacent to extraaxial collection likely representing cerebritis and edema and less likely seizure activity. Previously seen extra-axial fluid along the entire left cerebral convexity has decreased overall. Dural enhancement along the left cerebral convexity is increased from the prior study. No evidence of acute large or territorial infarct though there may be small foci of cytotoxic edema adjacent to left occipital horn vs. infected material. Redemonstrated are post surgical changes. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Rim enhancing loculated extra-axial fluid collection along left posterior temporal convexity suspicious for subdural empyema. Part of this loculated collection extends into the left temporal lobe and may communicate with ventricle and is associated with mild ependymal enhancement of the temporal horn concerning for ventriculitis. 2. Swelling and edema in adjacent left posterior temporal lobe cortex probable cerebritis though parenchymal enhancement is fairly mild.