Diseases: ['meningitis', 'cerebritis']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status post right suboccipital craniotomy. Again seen is abnormal T2 signal centered in the right middle cerebellar peduncle which again demonstrates restricted diffusion findings possibly related to cytotoxic edema or residual cellular neoplasm. There has been interval decrease in amount of enhancement within this region. Moreover the second area of enhancement seen superiorly on the prior study is no longer clearly identified. There has been significant new interval development of high abnormal signal within the sulci diffusely on FLAIR images suggesting proteinaceous material within the sulci. There is no associated leptomeningeal enhancement. Scattered sulci demonstrate restricted diffusion in the left occipital lobe and posterior right parietal lobe likely due to infectious material. In addition there is a focus of restricted diffusion in the right frontal lobe which does not demonstrate enhancement. This likely represents a focus of cerebritis. There is increased prominence of the bifrontal CSF spaces likely postsurgical in nature. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are symmetric and patent. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as the superior sagittal sinus. There is decreased signal within the calvarium and upper cervical spine nonspecific and can be seen in marrow infiltrative processes such as anemia lymphoma. Pituitary fossa posterior fossa and both orbits are unremarkable. There is fluid within the right mastoid air cells. There is mucosal thickening within the postier/inferior left maxillary sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval development of diffuse abnormal signal within the sulci on the FLAIR images with scattered areas of restricted diffusion within the sulci as described above. These findings are compatible with given history of meningitis. 2. Focus at restricted diffusion in the right frontal lobe compatible with cerebritis. 3. Postsurgical changes as above with interval decrease in enhancement in the right cerebellopontine angle. Persisting restricted diffusion in the right middle cerebellar peduncle which may reflect postsurgical cytotoxic edema or residual cellular neoplasm. Results were discussed with an acknowledged by Dr. Whitmore at 5 p.m. on 7/30/07.