Diseases: ['meningitis']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated is the abnormal FLAIR hyperintensity within thesubarachnoid space in the left hemisphere with adjacent FLAIRhyperintensity within the white matter which appears moreprominent in the interval. In addition FLAIR hyperintensitywithin the subarachnoid space in the right frontal region withadjacent FLAIR hyperintensity within the right frontal whitematter appears to be new when compared to the prior study. Thereis increased leptomeningeal enhancement of these areas whencompared to the prior examination. There appears to be in a smalladjacent amount of parenchymal enhancement. In addition duralenhancement is seen within the left frontal region as describedbefore. These findings may be secondary to progressivecryptococcal meningitis. Other infectious meningitides includingthose secondary to atypical organisms as well as lymphomatous orcarcinomatous meningitis could have a similar appearance.Correlation with CSF sampling is again suggested. There is noevidence of brain abscess. Signal abnormality within the brainparenchyma may represent cerebritis or edema or a combinationthereof.There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage midline shift masseffect or hydrocephalus. The diffusion weighted imagesdemonstrate no evidence of restricted diffusion to suggest acuteischemia.There is mild prominence of the ventricles and sulci for age. A polyp versus mucus retention cyst is seen in the rightmaxillary sinus. The rest of the visualized paranasal sinuses andorbital contents are normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Progressive signal abnormality and enhancement within thesubarachnoid space with interval development of parenchymal signalabnormality in the right frontal and left frontal and parietallobes with mild associated enhancement. These findings may besecondary to progressive cryptococcal meningitis. Otherinfectious meningitides including those secondary to atypicalorganisms as well as lymphomatous or carcinomatous meningitiscould have a similar appearance. Correlation with CSF sampling isagain suggested. There is no evidence of brain abscess. Signalabnormality within the brain parenchyma may represent cerebritisor edema or a combination thereof.2. Volume loss.The findings were discussed with Dr. Stallone from neurology.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation