Diseases: ['abscess', 'hematoma', 'cerebritis']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status post left hemicraniectomy with surgical skin staples overlying the left frontotemporoparietal scalp. There is a large fluid collection in the scalp soft tissues overlying the left hemisphere with thin marginal enhancement around the fluid collection with only minimal diffusion restriction posteriorly which corresponds to hemorrhage seen on the recent head CT. This collection likely does not represent an abscess. A right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter crosses the body of the right lateral ventricle and terminates in the region of the third ventricle unchanged. The ventricles appear grossly unchanged in size compared to the recent head CT and are likely slightly small due to surrounding mass effect. Intracranial gas is present in the anterior right frontal extra-axial space likely secondary to recent ventriculostomy placement and possibly slightly decreased from the recent head CT. Intraparenchymal predominantly cortically based hemorrhage is noted throughout the right and left frontal left temporal left parietal and left occipital lobes largest in the left temporal lobe. There is extensive restricted diffusion associated with the areas of parenchymal hemorrhage and in the splenium of the left corpus callosum likely related to the trauma although superimposed ischemia is not excluded. Alternatively some regions of signal abnormality with associated diffusion restriction may be related to seizure activity. There is a small right convexity subdural hematoma including along the anterior and posterior falx unchanged from the recent head CT. There is effacement of the left cerebral hemisphere sulci with 5 mm left to right midline shift unchanged. The basilar cisterns are patent. There are multiple foci of T2/FLAIR white matter hyperintensity including the splenium of the left corpus callosum bilateral centrum semiovale bilateral basal ganglia bilateral thalami and periventricular white matter. Numerous punctate foci of susceptibility are noted in the bilateral basal ganglia bilateral thalami bilateral cerebellar hemispheres grey-white junctions of the bilateral temporal lobes pons and medulla consistent with foci of microhemorrhage. These findings are consistent with diffuse axonal injury from the recent trauma. There is gyriform enhancement throughout the left posterior temporal left parietal and left occipital lobes which likely reflects a combination of recent seizure activity and contusion and/or ischemia with infectious cerebritis a lesser possibility. No flow void is appreciated in the right vertebral artery likely due to congenital hypoplasia given the small right transverse foramina. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear. Bilateral mastoid air cell opacification is present new since the initial head CT and likely due to intubation. An oroenteric tube is noted entering the thoracic esophagus. There is straightening of the cervical spine. Diffuse marrow T1 hypointensity is present throughout the cervical spine reflecting systemic pathologies including hematologic or marrow infiltrative processeses such as anemia. Clinically correlate There are degenerative fatty replacement endplate changes at C2-3 and C5-6. Endplate edema in the C7-T2 vertebral bodies likely reflects degenerative change with acute contusion less likely. No spondylolisthesis is present. No definite acute fractures are noted. The cervical cord is normal in morphology and signal intensity.. There is multilevel mild soft tissue edema between the interspinous processes most prominent at C5-C7 which could reflect interspinous ligament injury. The posterior ligamentous complex is intact. No extraaxial fluid collection is noted in the cervical spine. The cerebellar tonsils are normal in position. Moderate multilevel cervical spondylosis is present most prominent at C3-4. Findings by level: At C2-3 there is a small disc-osteophyte complex slightly effacing the ventral thecal sac and ligamentum flavum hypertrophy without cord flattening. Uncovertebral and facet hypertrophy causes moderate right and moderate to severe left foraminal narrowing. At C3-4 there is a prominent disc-osteophyte complex and ligamentum flavum hypertrophy causing mild cord flattening. Uncovertebral and facet hypertrophy causes mild to moderate right and moderate to severe left foraminal narrowing. At C4-5 there is a small disc-osteophyte complex partially effacing the ventral thecal sac without significant cord flattening. There is no foraminal narrowing. Facet are normal. At C5-6 there is a small disc-osteophyte complex partially effacing the ventral thecal sac without significant cord flattening. There is mild bilateral foraminal narrowing from uncovertebral hypertrophy. At C6-7 there is a small left eccentric disc-osteophyte complex partially effacing the ventral thecal sac without significant cord flattening. There is mild bilateral foraminal narrowing from uncovertebral hypertrophy. At C7-T1 there is a minimal disc-osteophyte complex without cord flattening. There is mild right and moderate left foraminal narrowing from uncovertebral hypertrophy.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large scalp collection overlying the left hemicraniectomy without findings to suggest an abscess. 2. Extensive left greater than right cerebral hemisphere hemorrhagic contusions. Small right posterior parafalcine subdural hematoma. Stable associated mass effect with 5 mm left-to-right midline shift. 3. Left posterior temporal parietal and occipital lobe gyriform enhancement likely reflecting a combination of recent seizure activity and contusions. Less likely considerations include cerebritis and ischemia. 4. Diffuse axonal injury in the deep white matter cerebral gray-white junction brainstem and cerebellum. 5. Multilevel interspinous soft tissue edema which could reflect cervical interspinous ligament injury. 6. No evidence of cervical cord injury. No evidence of cervical spine fracture spondylolisthesis or spinal extraaxial collection. 7. Moderate multilevel cervical spondylosis and stenosis most advanced at C3-C4.