Diseases: ['cerebritis', 'meningitis', 'abscess', 'empyema', 'empyema']
FINDINGS:

Comparison CT is available from PMC 8/25/2012 see also VTI study from later today. Abnormal signal intensity left anterior medial frontal lobe is noted on T2 weighted images subcortical greater than cortical and with diffusion-bright peripherally enhancing collections. The smaller more superior collection measures about 11 mm in diameter more inferior and medial lesion measures about 10 x 20 mm (transverse) by 30 mm (superior-inferior). Separate small subcortical focus of enhancement measures less than 5 mm and is situated inferior to the more superior lesion but all of these may be connected. The 2 larger collections show decreased diffusion centrally and are consistent with pyogenic infection more anterior/inferior medial focus likely extra-axial and suspect empyema in this location abscess more likely for superior collection. Subarachnoid space enhancement is also noted. There is diffuse dural enhancement over both convexities left greater than right with more focal enhancement over the planum sphenoidale may represent additional empyema. There is no significant midline shift although there is some sulcal effacement over the left frontal pole. Assessment of the orbits reveals relative preservation of intraconal fat though there does appear to be minimal edema extraconal orbits right greater than left and suspect dural enhancement periorbita superiorly right more than left. Extensive sinonasal inflammatory changes are noted in frontal sinuses with bilateral surgical drains bony defects are better evaluated on comparison CT but may be visible in more than one location (for example series 21 image 115 and 108). Frontoethmoidal recesses and ethmoid air cells are opacified similar findings for left greater than right sphenoid sinus and sphenoethmoidal recesses left maxillary sinus nearly completely opacified and with fluid level sphenoid sinus on left also likely with fluid level. Elsewhere in the brain the ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise nearly symmetric and within normal limits for age. There are no other suspicious foci of abnormal increased or decreased signal intensity. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. Minimal fluid in mastoid air cells. Best seen on coronal T2-weighted images abnormal signal intensity in anterior right greater than left tongue but does not involve the entire tongue suspect biting during seizure.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left frontal cerebritis and meningitis with at least one developed abscess associated with another collection which is more likely extra-axial and anterior inferior and medial to this where empyema is suspected. Smaller possible empyema also over planum sphenoidale on left and associated with with more diffuse left greater than right dural enhancement over convexities. 2. Sinonasal inflammatory changes left greater than right with surgical changes from all sinuses bony defects suspected and better demonstrated on comparison CT. 3. Minimal edema/inflammation superior extraconal orbits right greater than left with suspected enhancement periorbita as well but no convincing intraconal involvement or abnormality along visual pathways. 4. Abnormalities anterior tongue right greater than left possibly bite injuries during seizure.