Diseases: ['abscess', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

Patient motion mildly degrades some of the sequences. There are no foci of restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarct. There is redemonstration of multiple foci increased FLAIR signal intensity in the periventricular  deep white and subcortical white matter similar to the comparison MRI of October 20 2013 which remain nonspecific and likely sequela of small vessel ischemic change. There is T2/FLAIR-bright mass in the right medial frontal lobe centered in the subcortical white matter with relative sparing of the cortex though there may be cortical involvement superiorly intensity slightly heterogeneous. Additionally there is minimal curvilinear and almost ring-like enhancement best seen on the coronal post contrast images (S11/22) and associated mild mass effect on adjacent mass medial sulci. The posterior extent has very minimally increased since October 20 2013 best appreciated on long-TR images. A small focus of susceptibility is suspected in the most anterior superior aspect associated with enhancing part. Gradient-echo images not acquired as part of this study and motion degraded on the prior but seems to be present on the baseline images of the diffusion-weighted data set (series 5 image 29 and series 3 image 28) and no focal decreased diffusion. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are otherwise symmetric and patent. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus. Pituitary fossa and orbits are unremarkable
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute infarct. 2. Right frontal FLAIR abnormality with mass effect and subtle ring enhancement peripherally a small peripheral metastatic focus with surrounding edema is a consideration  less likely primary glioma given apparent increase in extent of edema. A small peripheral abscess with associated cerebritis/edema is considered but lack of diffusion abnormality argues against pyogenic and this would be atypical infection. Another consideration could be cortical vein thrombosis with venous infarct but this is much less likely and only minimal extension of edema comparing to CT studies October 19 and subsequent . Recommend followup consider sampling depending on CSF results. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.