Diseases: ['cerebritis', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

The confluent areas of abnormal T2 and flair signalabnormality is noted involving the cortical regions of the rightfrontal temporal and occipital lobes as well as the cingulategyrus and right posterior thalami bilateral hippocompi some ofwhich demonstrate restricted diffusion. They primarly seem toinvolve cortex. In addition diffuse flair signal abnormality isseen within the sulci bilaterally with leptomeningeal enhancement.These findings are non-specific may reflect areas of cerebritis however due to primary cortical involvement changes related toseizures/status epilepticus is favored. Clinical correlation withCSF cytology and follow-up studies are recommended.Gradient echo imaging does not reveal areas of signalsusceptibility to suggest hemorrhage or calcification.Chronic changes of encephalomalacia with right temporal horndilatation are noted with expansion of the right calvarial marrowindicating a chronic process.The ventricles are normal size shape and configuration. Noextraaxial fluid collection is seen.Extensive paranasal sinus disease is noted bilaterally completelyopacifying the right maxillary sinus and ethmoid air cells andnodular mucosal thickening in the left maxillary and sphenoidsinuses. To a lesser degree there is mucosal thickening in theleft ethmoid and right sphenoid and the frontal sinuses.furthermore there is bilateral mastoid effusion. The patient hasa nasal tube and oral endotracheal tube.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple areas of signal abnormality as described above some ofwhich demonstrate restricted diffusion with bilateral abnormalsignal and enhancement within sulci. These findings arenon-specific may reflect areas of cerebritis however due tomainly cortical involvement changes related to seizures/statusepilepticus is favored. Clinical correlation with CSF cytology andfollow-up studies are recommended.2. Extensive paranasal sinus disease as detailed above.3. Chronic changes of encephalomalacia in the right temporallobe consistent with the patient's history of childhoodinfection.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation