Diseases: ['cerebritis']
FINDINGS:

Again visualized is a right frontal approach ventricular catheter of the Ommaya reservoir with the tip near the septum. There has been interval development of a 5.4 x 4.3 cm round area of restricted diffusion in the right frontal lobe surrounding the catheter tract and extending from the cortex to the ventricular surface. It does involve the right anterior to mid body of the corpus callosum. The lesion appears to be contiguous inferiorly to a similar smaller focus of restricted diffusion in the right caudate head region. These lesions do not follow an arterial territory to suggest acute ischemic stroke. There is no contrast enhancement. There is no significant mass effect on the ventricle. The bulk of the mass does not demonstrate susceptibilty; however there is a punctate rim of suceptibility around the lesion either mineralization or microhemorrhage. There is also a small focus of suceptibility probably a small focus of prior bleeding in the left posterior parietal region. Again seen is extensive confluent and symmetric nonenhancing non-restricted high T2/FLAIR signal abnormality in the bilateral supratentorial white matter. There is FLAIR hyperintensity of the sulic of the cerebral hemispheres either reflecting proteinaceous material sub-arachnoid blood or artifactual secondary from administration of high inspiratory O2 fraction. The ventricles are slightly more prominent yet unchanged since recent CT. There is no midline shift. Minimal mucosal thickening is present in bilateral maxillary sinuses. Findings were discussed with Dr. Hung from MICU at 215-713-7832 at 7:45pm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large area of restricted diffusion involving the right frontal lobe around the Ommaya reservoir catheter and the right caudate as detailed in the report. This is a very unusual appearance. Differential considerations are possible neurotoxicity given the fact that the abnormality surrounds the Ommaya catheter. Cerebritis and other inflammatory causes are also possible. A leukemic lesion can have restricted diffusion but there is no significant mass effect associated with the area of signal abnormality given its size and there is no enhancement within the lesion. An ischemic infarct is also very unlikely given that the lesion does not correspond to a vascular territory. 2. Diffuse FLAIR hyperintensity in the cerebral sulci either reflecting proteinaceous material (including infection) or blood in the subarachnoid space or secondary to administration of a high inspiratory O2. fraction. 3. Unchanged appearance of extensive confluent and symmetric nonenhancing non-restricted high T2/FLAIR signal abnormality in the bilateral supratentorial white matter.