Diseases: ['cerebritis', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Examination degraded by motion. Postsurgical changes are redemonstrated in patient status post left-sided craniotomy for resection of a left parietal glioblastoma. Extra-axial fluid collection adjacent to craniotomy site appears stable to slightly decreased in prominence from prior exam however comparison is limited secondary to changes in exam technique and motion. There is similar appearance of the left parietal resection cavity with continued T1 shortening present consistent with blood products. There is mild enhancement that extends beyond the border of T1 shortening most prominently along the inferior and anterior margins which is nonspecific. There is similar infiltrative appearing FLAIR signal abnormality about the resection cavity which is probably in the left frontoparietal region; overall extent of signal abnormality is similar to prior exam; there is however decreasing mass effect with improved caliber of the left lateral ventricle. There is decreased but persistent edema in the left inferior temporal region however left occipital edema has increased in prominence from prior exam. There is continued restricted diffusion along the medial margin of the left proper resection cavity which extends to the ependymal margin. There is new abnormal fluid which restricts diffusion layering in the occipital horns of the lateral ventricles worrisome for purulent material. There is no pathologic enhancement within lateral ventricles. There is however increasing prominence of the lateral and third ventricles with mild persistent FLAIR and post abnormality Similar few punctate foci of FLAIR hyperintensity are noted within the deep and periventricular white matter which are nonspecific. Approximately 4 mm of rightward midline shift which is decreased from prior exam. Partial opacification ethmoid air cells and left frontal ethmoidal region. Probable mucus retention cyst right maxillary sinus. Patient is status post bilateral cataract resection. No suspicious marrow signal abnormalities.
IMPRESSION:

1. Overall similar appearance of left parietal resection cavity with increase in peripheral enhancement and similar expansile FLAIR signal abnormality likely reflective of infiltrative neoplasm. There is similar restricted diffusion along the medial margin of the resection cavity which does not demonstrate enhancement and is of uncertain significance. Favor that this most likely represents persistent cytotoxic edema/post surgical change given the presence on postoperative exam lack of abnormal enhancement or progressive edema in this region. Cerebritis is felt to be less likely but not excluded. 2. New layering material and bilateral lateral ventricles which restricts diffusion. While this may reflect purulent material it is unusual given lack of ependymal enhancement. Blood products can appear similarly. There is increasing caliber of bilateral lateral ventricles concerning for a component of developing hydrocephalus. 3. Stable to decreasing size of left extra-axial fluid collection adjacent to craniotomy site. 4. Decrease in edema associated with the inferior aspect left temporal lobe with slight interval increase in edema in left occipital lobe.