Diseases: ['thrombosis', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Scattered small hypointense foci on sagittal T1 weighted images are identified in calvaria consistent with history of metastatic disease. Additional hypointense foci are seen in clivus left greater than right occipital condyle left C2 vertebral body. None of these appear particularly expansile. Destructive mass right sphenoid wing. MR venogram shows dominant right transverse sinus anatomically small left transverse and sigmoid sinuses. Internal cerebral veins and straight sinus are patent. Time-of-flight venogram does not cover the entire sagittal sinus; however this is seen on the phase contrast MR venogram and appears patent (including anterior portion). Basal veins of Rosenthal appear patent. All MR venographic sequences are degraded by motion. Imaging of the brain redemonstrates left inferior frontal hematoma with T2-dark center in T1-isointense center minimal T1-bright periphery and surrounding edema age on the order of a few days old based on imaging outside CT/CTA April 9 shows hematoma and other intracranial hemorrhage not present on April 4 CT sinus. Intraventricular blood is redemonstrated layering in occipital horns. Minimal clot left frontal horn also redemonstrated. Surrounding edema is relatively mild but there is midline shift anteriorly by about 9-10 mm left frontal horn partially effaced no evidence of temporal horn trapping at this time. T1-bright extra-axial signal over bilateral intracranial fossa and left greater than right middle cranial fossa as seen on sagittal images is suggestive of minimal subdural blood without additional mass effect also identified over the left convexity more superiorly and this was evident on the comparison CT. There is mixed intensity opacification sphenoid sinus with fluid level similar findings posterior left ethmoid region and left frontal ethmoidal region. There is also a fluid level with more T2-bright opacification left maxillary sinus. Pattern is probably concordant with comparison CT. There is a focus of restricted diffusion right splenium corpus callosum. Less intense abnormal diffusion signal is identified a left medial occipital greater than temporal lobe in the posterior stripper artery distribution both of these are dark on ADC maps better demonstrated than on the comparison CT suspect evolving ischemia. More subtle ischemic changes may be present in the right mesial temporal lobe although this is less certain. Focal susceptibility is identified in the left sylvian fissure favor minimal subarachnoid blood and likely present on comparison CT. Again motion limits detail. Superior ophthalmic veins do not appear dilated and appear relatively symmetric but there is left greater than right proptosis. On axial images mild asymmetry cavernous sinuses no striking expansion on coronal images although there is left greater than right increased enhancement relative to comparison outside study April 3 and there is minimal enhancement along the left olfactory groove not present at that time. Minimal enhancement around the hematoma is however not unexpected and is complicated by presence of T1-bright blood products. No convincing focal nodular enhancement associated.
IMPRESSION:

1. Patent major deep and superficial venous structures on the MR venogram; however enhancement has potentially increased left greater than right cavernous sinuses symmetric and nondilated superior ophthalmic veins but minimal proptosis left greater than right. Technique is different than comparison and not dedicated for detailed evaluation of cavernous sinuses motion also degrades all sequences. Doubt but cannot exclude cavernous sinus thrombosis. 2. Left frontal parenchymal hematoma close proximity to olfactory groove and there is minimal enhancement and left-sided sinonasal inflammatory changes as detailed above may indicate direct extension of inflammation infection and subsequent hemorrhage assuming no trauma or intervention. No definite focal nodular enhancement appreciated though if angioinvasive aspergillus enhancement may be minimal or none. No definite mycotic aneurysm on outside CT April 9 2012. Conventional angiography would be a consideration for further evaluation outside DSA April 13 2012 without convincing explanation on brief review using internal neurosurgery server. Redemonstrated are subdural intraventricular and subarachnoid blood as well to a lesser extent. 3. Also there are evolving apparent infarcts right splenium corpus callosum and possible medial right temporal lobe and definitely left occipital and posterior temporal lobe medially in PCA distribution. These were faintly visible on April 13 2012 CT head at 2150 hrs but not on the prior more distant outside CT studies. With these and above findings vasculitis is a consideration with aspergillus involvement or otherwise. Proximal embolic source perhaps endocarditis is another possibility. 4. Multiple bony masses with aggressive appearance seen also on comparison CT and previously. These are consistent with nondiagnostic metastatic neuroendocrine neoplasm. Discussed with Dr. Goodman NICU fellow 1100 hours 4/14/2012 acknowledged.