Diseases: ['meningitis']
FINDINGS:

Numerous punctate foci of restricted diffusion are scattered throughout the cerebral hemispheres bilaterally some of which are near the gray-white junction while others are located more centrally. Small focus of restricted diffusion also noted within the posterior pons on the right. Scattered areas of T2 prolongation are present throughout the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter as well as within the central and posterior aspect of the pons extending into the anterior medulla and cerebral peduncles and bilateral cerebellar hemispheres. T2 prolongation also seen in the left mamillary body. Ventricles and sulci appear slightly prominent for the patient's age. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Paranasal sinuses are clear. Small amount of fluid noted in the mastoid air cells on the left. Orbits unremarkable. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. There may be mild irregularity of a few of the distal intracranial branches (see right A2 segment) but MRA is not sensitive for the detection of vasculitis. Please note MRA is also less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Numerous punctate foci of acute ischemia/infarct as described involving the cerebral hemispheres and pons. The findings may be related to a small vessel occlusive process such as vasculitis or TTP. An embolic process is also possible. 2. Signal abnormality involving the cerebral white matter left mamillary body pons medulla cerebral peduncles and cerebellar hemispheres. This is a nonspecific finding and can be seen with a spectrum of vascular or inflammatory causes including small vessel ischemic disease vasculitis demyelination cerebritis/encephalitis and infection. Correlation with CSF sampling may be helpful. 3. The pattern of signal abnormality involving the mamillary body and periaqueductal/periventricular region of the pons can be seen with Wernicke's encephalopathy and clinical correlation for the possibility of thiamine deficiency is recommended. 4. The intracranial circulation is grossly patent. Conventional angiography is more sensitive for the detection of vasculitis see comment above. Findings were discussed with Dr. Wimmer of the medical intensive care unit on 11/1/2008 at approximately 3:30 a.m. Attending review: Agree with the above report. In addition there is a suggestion of high FLAIR signal in some cortical sulci both supra and infratentorial a nonspecific finding which can be seen in meningitis and (whether infectious or carcinomatous) high inspired FiO2 (endotracheal tube is present on chest x-ray of same day) or prior gadolinium administration in the setting of renal failure but no gadolinium studies are within the HUP system. Advise correlation with clinical findings. If appropriate intravenous contrast would be helpful for evaluation. As stated above angiography is more sensitive for vasculitis. There is attenuation of intracranial vasculature but relatively symmetric bilaterally. Left A-1 segment is small.