Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There are extensive bilateral postsurgical changes consistent withprior meningioma resections. There has been interval placement ofright frontal ventriculostomy catheter traversing the rightfrontal lobe with its tip terminating in the right lateralventricle frontal horn. The ventricles themselves demonstrateincreased size since prior MRI.Bilateral subdural fluid collections as well as gas are againseen. When compared to prior examination from 1-30-2006 thisdoes appear slightly increased. A focal collection of fluid seenalong the right posterior parietal convexity is T1 hypointense however less hypointense than the remainder of the visualizedsubdural fluid collections. This is also FLAIR hyperintense andmay represent a focal area of proteinaceous fluid with old bloodproducts . Multiple septations/loculations are noted in thebilateral subdural collections.Enhancing meningiomas are noted along the right high frontalconvexity extending along the falx and at the level of the leftSylvian fissure along the left convexity. These are stable sinceprior exam. There is focal encephalomalacia along the leftparietal-occipital lobe. Abnormal T2/FLAIR hyperintensity seenwithin the left frontal subcortical white matter leftparietal-occipital subcortical white matter. These areas arestable since prior exam. Resection cavity seen in the rightsuperior parietal lobe on prior examination now demonstrates postsurgical change with subcortical white matter T2 hyperintensity.New areas of signal abnormality are seen in the left lateraltemporal lobe (series 4 image 13) and left superior temporal lobe(series 4 image 17). The left superior temporal lobe area ofabnormal signal is predominantly noted along the cortex itself andhas corresponding restricted diffusion. This does raise concernfor focal infarcts in this region. On precontrast T1 sequencesthere are regions of cortical laminar necrosis noted along thebilateral superior parietal lobes.Upon administration of gadolinium there is diffuse enhancement ofthe leptomeninges and pachymeninges. This is most striking alongthe inferior frontal lobes bilaterally and right posteriorparietal lobe.Retention cysts versus polyps are noted in the left maxillarysinus. The remainder of the visualized sinuses and mastoid aircells are clear. The orbits and visualized parapharyngeal softtissues are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extensive post-surgical changes of multiple meningiomaresections as above. Stable meningiomas along the right highfrontal convexity and along the left convexity at the level of theleft Sylvian fissure.2. Bilateral subdural collections with gas and fluid.Septations/loculations are noted. Right posterior parietalconvexity fluid collection with FLAIR hyperintensity may representproteinaceous fluid.3. Diffuse enhancement of leptomeninges and pachymeninges moststriking along the inferior frontal lobes bilaterally and rightposterior parietal lobe.4. Slightly increased size of lateral and third ventricles sinceprior MRI. Interval placement of the right frontal ventriculostomycatheter.5. Foci of acute cortical infarction along the left superiortemporal lobe. Areas of cortical laminar necrosis along thebilateral superior parietal lobes.6. Findings discussed with Dr. Brown from neurosurgery at thetime of interpretation.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation