Diseases: ['abscess', 'hematoma', 'hematoma', 'contusion', 'contusion', 'cerebritis', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Again visualized is a left frontal epidural hematoma with stable mass effect with restricted diffusion. Previously seen area of hemorrhage in the left frontal lobe posterior to the known fracture of the posterior wall of the left frontal sinus now demonstrates tiny foci of restricted diffusion and peripheral rim enhancement representing a possible developing abscess. There has also been interval increase in left frontal and left temporal dural enhancement. Contusions in bilateral inferior frontal lobes are again present. Again seen is a focus of hemorrhage within the right occipital lobe. Extensive opacification with hemorrhage and mucosal thickening of the visualized paranasal sinuses is again identified with extensive known fractures including fractures of the frontal sinuses and sella. Opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells is again identified (right greater than left). There is no definite compression of the optic chiasm. Probable right cerebellar developmental venous anomaly is again identified.
IMPRESSION:

1. Possible developing left frontal intracranial abscess posterior to the fractured left frontal sinus as above. Intraparenchymal contusions left frontal epdural hematoma again seen. Preliminary findings were discussed with Dr. Lega at 0330 hours on 9/19/07. ATTENDING INTERPRETATION: I overall agree with the above report. I agree that the left frontal epidural hematoma is stable in size with no significant change in amount of mass effect. I also agree that there are contusions in the bilateral inferior frontal lobes and right occipital lobe stable from prior examination. There has been mild interval increase in amount of edema in the left frontal lobe in the region of the previously described contusion which may represent evolving contusion but correlation is advised for cerebritis. Restricted diffusion in this region may be secondary to the blood products and the peripheral enhancement may represent evolving hematoma. There are bilateral small subdural hematomas left greater than right. Proteinaceous material is seen in bilateral mastoid air cells frontal sphenoid left maxillary sinuses and the ethmoid sinus to a lesser degree. No evidence of T1 shortening within the pituitary gland to suggest blood products. No evidence of compression on the optic chiasm. There is left-sided dural enhancement likely reactive in nature. Findings were discussed with and acknowledge by Dr. Whitmore of the neurosurgical service at 10:40 a.m. on 9/19/07.