Diseases: ['cerebritis', 'abscess']
FINDINGS:

Status post left temporal craniectomy/cranioplasty changes. There is extra-axial fluid collection underlying the craniectomy site measuring up to 8mm with local mass effect. Findings likely represent postoperative blood products. In the site of the left petrous ridge defect with bone graft/plug (better depicted on prior CT) there are areas of T1 shortening and susceptibility compatible with blood products extending into the left temporal lobe; there is prominent adjacent enhancement of the meninges. Contiguous to this area there is an peripherally enhancing 1.2-cm focus in the left temporal lobe subcortical white matter with internal debris likely reflecting combination of proteinaceous and blood products. Blood products associated with this lesion may limit assessment of restricted diffusion; however there is questionable subtle restricted diffusion suggestive along the medial margin of this temporal focus (image 13 series 6). There is T2 hypointense rim associated with this left temporal lobe lesion with marked adjacent surrounding vasogenic edema in the left temporal white matter with mild sulcal effacement and effacement of the left temporal horn and mild medial deviation of the left uncus/medial temporal lobe. There is rim enhancement along this lesion extending inferiorly and lateral temporal meninges. There are a few scattered T2 hyperintensities within the deep white matter and periventricular region which are similar. There is opacification of the left mastoid air cells which may be secondary to CSF leak or postoperative changes. However an infectious process is not excluded. The orbits are normal. There are maxillary and ethmoidal mucosal changes.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left temporal postsurgical changes as detailed. 2. Enhancement arising from the left petrous bone graft/plug extending into the left temporal lobe. A 1.2-cm rim enhancing lesion in the left temporal lobe with surrounding marked vasogenic edema and mass-effect. Findings most concerning for cerebritis with early developing abscess not excluded. There is associated abnormal enhancement of the adjacent meninges. 3. Opacification of the left mastoid air cells which may be secondary to CSF leak or postoperative changes. However an infectious process is not excluded.