Diseases: ['meningitis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

There are again seen postoperative findings of right frontal approach biopsy of the thalamic lesions. Minimal susceptibility along the biopsy tracts is again present consistent with minimal hemorrhage products. There is a right frontal approach ventricular catheter has been removed. The ventricles are unchanged in size; there is no evidence of hydrocephalus. The enhancing mass of the right thalamus extending across the massa intermedia to minimally involve the left thalamus is decreased by 2 mm. Enhancement along the tentorium with focal lesion along the undersurface of the left tentorium punctate foci of abnormal enhancement of the superior right cerebellum (series 10 and image 23 and 24) the right occipital lobe (series 10 and image 26) and scattered leptomeningeal enhancement most pronounced in the folia of the superior vermis is slightly decreased in fullness. Again seen is stable subtle enhancement along bilateral cranial nerves including VI nerve more conspicuous on the right III and V nerves. There is mild nodular enhancement along the old catheter tract and biopsy tract either post procedural granulation tissue enhancement or also involved by diffuse meningitis. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Slight improvement of thalamic nodules and diffuse scattered leptomeningeal/dural enhancement stable subtle enhancement along bilateral cranial nerves including VI nerve more conspicuous on the right III and V nerves. These findings are nonspecific however are consistent with the patient's history of tuberculous meningitis; other granulomatous disease such as fungal infection or sarcoid could have a similar appearance. 2. Status post removal of ventricular catheter. Mild nodular enhancement along the old catheter tract and biopsy tract either post procedural granulation tissue enhancement or also involved by diffuse meningitis. Findings were communicated with and acknowledged by Dr. Balu at 11 AM 2/4/2010