Diseases: ['cerebritis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

When compared to recent CT exam from 11/4/07 there has been interval removal of right frontal approach ventricular shunt catheter. The size and morphology of the ventricular system is similar to prior but with slightly less shift of midline structures from right to left from 10 mm to 7 mm when compared to the prior exam from 11/2/07. There is enhancement along the right frontal surgical resection bed along the dura adjacent to the resection cavity within the ventricular system and along the ventricular shunt catheter tract. Additionally there is restricted diffusion along the surgical resection bed as well as within the dependent portions of the occipital horns. These findings are concerning for cerebritis meningitis and ventriculitis. Diffusion restricted material within the ventricles likely represents pus. When compared to the prior MRI from 11/2/07 there is more avid enhancement along the surgical resection bed stable diffusion-bright material within the ventricular system more ependymal enhancement and more dural enhancement. There is more enhancement along the ependyma of the right frontal horn. On the gradient images there is susceptibility effect along the ventricular system and throughout the surgical resection cavity. This may be in part due to blood product and the surgical resection. Additional focus of susceptibility artifact is noted in the left inferior medial cerebellar hemisphere. Grossly stable T2 hyperintensity in a vasogenic distribution around the surgical resection cavity. This likely represents a combination of treatment related changes infiltrative tumor and/or vasogenic edema. This T2 hyperintensity extends across the midline through the corpus callosum to the left medial frontal lobe superiorly into the subcortical white matter of the corona radiata right external capsule and the right subinsular region. Again noted are cortical hyperintensities and expansion medial frontal cortex and to a lesser extent left anterolateral frontal cortex suspicious for nonenhancing neoplasm but relatively stable. Previously described postoperative changes are again noted including: Right pterional craniotomy right frontal surgical resection cavity small extra axial fluid collection and metallic blooming artifact in the surgical resection bed/calvarium. The preliminary results were discussed with neurosurgery Dr. Whitmore at 12:35 am.
IMPRESSION:

1. Worsening enhancement within the right frontal surgical resection bed dura and ventricular system with pus in the occipital horns compared to prior MRI exam from 11/2/07. These findings are consistent with worsening cerebritis meningitis and ventriculitis. No focal abscess is identified. 2. Decreased of midline structures from right to left. 3. Postoperative changes consistent with right frontal lobe tumor resection. FINAL ATTENDING