Diseases: ['pneumocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There are immediate postsurgical changes from suboccipital craniectomy and C1 posterior arch resection in this patient with history of Chiari I malformation. Fluid is noted immediately adjacent to the resection site with scattered foci of gas present most prominently adjacent to the C2 lamina on the left. Pneumocephalus is noted most prominently bifrontally which is mild. There is nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement adjacent to the cerebellum. There is restricted diffusion of the inferomedial aspects of the cerebellar tonsils with suggestion of FLAIR signal abnormality in this region which may reflect cytotoxic edema in this region. The cerebellar tonsils have a pegged type morphology and extend perhaps 7 mm inferior to the foramen magnum as can be seen in the setting of Chiari I malformation. There is effacement of the retrocerebellar cistern cisterna magna and prepontine and premedullary cisterns. No proximal cervical syrinx is seen. There is prominent exaggerated lordosis of the cervical spine which at the craniocervical junction contributes to indentation and kinking of the cervicomedullary junction however no definite cord signal abnormality is seen in this location. There is prominent lateral and to a lesser degree third ventriculomegaly without evidence of transependymal flow; the extent of ventriculomegaly seems to be greater than expected given relative mild sulcal prominence. There is no evidence of transependymal edema to suggest acutely decompensated hydrocephalus. There are multiple scattered T2/FLAIR hyperintensities predominantly within the subcortical deep and to a lesser extent periventricular white matter nonspecific however may reflect sequela of microvascular ischemic changes. No suspicious parenchymal enhancement. Mild ethmoidal and maxillary mucosal changes. Spondylotic changes are suggested of the upper cervical spine. Imaged orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Immediate postsurgical changes from suboccipital craniectomy for Chiari I decompression. There is mild restricted diffusion along the inferomedial margins of the cerebellar tonsils with associated FLAIR signal abnormality which could reflect cytotoxic edema related to approach. There is mild bifrontal pneumocephalus.