Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

The susceptibility artifact from the programmable shunt obscures detail over the lateral aspect of the right hemisphere. The tip of the VP shunt catheter via right frontal approach is located at the left caudothalamic groove. There is minimal T2 prolongation along the lateral aspect of the catheter tract. There are changes related to suboccipital craniectomy. The cerebellar tonsil are low-lying bilaterally. The foramen magnum is patent. There is no evidence for hydrocephalus. There is no abnormal enhancement acute hemorrhage acute ischemia mass mass effect or midline shift. The ventricles and sulci are normal for patient's stated age. There is a convex upper surface of the pituitary gland without focal mass lesion nonspecific may be related to pregnancy or pituitary hyperplasia. There is a large mucous retention cyst in the inferior right maxillary sinus. Mild circumferential mucosal thickening is also noted in the sinus. The remainder of paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. Expected pulsatile flow is noted at the craniocervical junction both anterior and to the lesser degree posterior to cervicomedullary junction. Only a subtle flow is noted through the cerebral aqueduct into the fourth ventricle. There is no evidence of syrinx in the visualized cervical cord.
IMPRESSION:

1. Expected pulsatile flow of CSF at the craniocervical junction/ foramen magnum anteriorly more than posteriorly. Only a subtle flow is noted through the cerebral aqueduct into the fourth ventricle. No evidence for hydrocephalus or CSF flow obstruction. No evidence of syrinx in the visualized cervical cord. No focal parenchymal brain abnormality. 2. Status-post right frontal approach VP shunt placement and posterior fossa decompression surgery. 3. Convex superior border of the normal size pituitary gland without evidence of a focal lesion nonspecific may be related to the two-tier hyperplasia which would be seen with pregnancy or hypothyroidism . Correlate with clinical exam and serum hormone levels. If clinically warranted a dedicated MRI imaging of the pituitary gland could be a performed.