Diseases: ['normal', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

MRI brain: There are at least 6 subcentimeter foci of FLAIR signal prolongation within the periventricular deep and subcortical cerebral white matter bilaterally without enhancement or restricted diffusion. These are nonspecific in nature with the differential including demyelinating disease inflammatory/infectious cause or vasculopathy. No evidence for parenchymal atrophy. Ventricular system and cortical sulcation pattern is normal for patient stated age. No mass-effect or midline shift is identified. No intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial fluid collection or evidence for acute parenchymal ischemia. Basilar cisterns are patent. Slight cerebellar tonsillar ectopia without meeting criteria for Chiari malformation. There is mild to moderate mucosal thickening within bilateral maxillary sinuses and bilateral anterior ethmoid air cells. Small fluid levels are identified within the left greater than right maxillary sinuses. Remainder of the paranasal sinuses are essentially clear. Mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities are clear. Marrow signal is diffusely hypointense which could represent normal hemopoietic marrow. Clinically correlate. Tiny pineal cyst. MRI cervical and thoracic spine: The cervical and thoracic spine demonstrates normal alignment. No spondylolisthesis. Vertebral body heights and disk spaces are well maintained. Marrow signal is overall normal except for incidental note made of focal fat versus small osseous hemangioma within the C2 and T9 vertebral bodies. No significant spondylotic changes are noted. No frank cord compression cord signal abnormality or neural foraminal compromise is noted. Scattered cervical and thoracic perineural cysts are present. Conus terminates at approximately L1 level. No abnormal enhancement is identified within the spinal cord vertebral bodies or apparent vertebral soft tissues. Note is made of an aberrant right subclavian artery.
IMPRESSION:

1. Subcentimeter foci of signal abnormality within the cerebral white matter bilaterally without enhancement or restricted diffusion are nonspecific. Differential includes demyelinating disease inflammatory/infectious cause or vasculopathy. Clinical correlation is recommended. 2. Moderate mucosal thickening within bilateral maxillary sinuses and bilateral ethmoid air cells. Small fluid levels in bilateral maxillary sinuses suggestive of acute sinus disease in the absence of sinus lavage. 3. Marrow signal diffusely hypointense this could represent normal hemopoietic marrow. Clinically correlate. 4. Normal cervical and thoracic spine without spinal cord signal abnormality or enhancement. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.