Diseases: ['thrombosis', 'pseudotumor']
FINDINGS:

Since prior exam there is slight increase in the confluent and patchy areas of periventricular and subcortical T2 prolongation relatively symmetric and are nonspecific. There is no significant mass effect. There is no restricted diffusion or associated enhancement. The cerebral volume is appropriate for patient's stated age and stable. No acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect midline shift or hydrocephalus. Prominent CSF spaces centered in the Meckel's caves bilaterally may reflect congenital encephalocele is and are unchanged. Possible inversion of the optic discs appear stable. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic parenchymal or leptomeningeal enhancement. There is stable soft tissue in the region of the left transverse/sigmoid junction may reflect arachnoid granulation or less likely thrombosis. No associated venous infarct. Stable hypointense nodule in the parotid glands with a stable cystic lesion in the interior right parotid gland likely reflect lymphoepithelial lesions associated with HIV. Extensive changes from prior FESS including septectomy bilateral antrectomies middle turbinectomies and ethmoidectomies are stable stable.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of subarachnoid hemorrhage on this MRI of the brain although MR is less sensitive for acute hemorrhage than CT. 2. Interval slight progression in the relatively symmetric nonspecific periventricular and subcortical white matter T2 prolongation without associated mass effect enhancement or restricted diffusion. In an HIV positive patient differential considerations include sequela of vasculopathy/vasculitis prior infection/inflammation HIV encephalopathy CMV less likely PML among other etiologies. 3. Stable soft tissue at the left transverse/sigmoid junction may represent a prominent arachnoid granulation or less likely persistent thrombosis. No evidence of venous infarct. 4. Stable probable congenital encephaloceles/prominent Meckel's caves and stable probable inversion of the optic discs. Long-standing pseudotumor cerebri could give this appearance; correlate clinically. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: Also note new focal signal abnormality in left genu perhaps an interval infarct. The sensitivity of MRI to subarachnoid hemorrhage based on small case series may in fact be higher than CT. At any rate I agree that there is no definite subarachnoid hemorrhage seen on this MRI; correlation with prior CT and lumbar puncture is suggested.