Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There is restricted diffusion in the right occipital lobe and posterior right parietal lobe consistent with acute to subacute infarction. There are two punctate foci of susceptibility and increased linear gyriform T1 signal intensity in the right occipital lobe representing blood products and/or early cortical laminar necrosis. There are several punctate foci of restricted diffusion in the right more than left cerebellar hemisphere and bilateral frontal and parietal lobes. There is small cortical area of increased signal on diffusion-weighted images in the right posterior frontal lobe. There is no corresponding decreased signal on ADC maps. This most likely represents a subacute infarction and was already seen on most recent prior MRI. There are multiple punctate nonenhancing foci of increased T2 and FLAIR signal intensity in periventricular and deep white matter representing sequela of small vessel ischemia. Again seen are focal areas of susceptibility in the right cerebellum left posterior medulla and left temporal lobe. Small amount of blood products seen within the right occipital lesion. No masses midline shift or extra-axial collection. Time of flight MR angiogram from the level of the skull base to ICA terminus demonstrates normal appearance of bilateral internal carotid arteries. The intracranial vertebral arteries and basilar artery are normal. No aberrant arteries are identified. The cisternal and intracanalicular portions of bilateral seventh and eighth nerve complexes and the cisternal portion of the fifth nerve and the gasserian ganglion are within normal limits. Bilateral lens prosthesis. Mucosal thickening of right greater than left paranasal sinuses. Opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute to subacute infarction involving the right occipital and posterior right parietal lobe. Innumerable punctate foci of restricted diffusion in both cerebellar hemispheres and in bilateral frontal and parietal lobes. This pattern is very suspicious for an embolic phenomenon. 2. Unremarkable cisternal and intracanalicular portion of the seventh and eighth nerves and the cisternal portion of the fifth nerves.