Diseases: ['toxoplasmosis']
FINDINGS:

An oval T1 hypointense and T2 hyperintense lesion is seen in theright thalamus demonstrating mild enhancement along its inferiorrim on the coronal post contrast images. This is suggestive ofinfectious process like toxoplasmosis. Cryptococcal infection isanother possibility however less likely. T2 hyperintensity is also noted in the ventral and lateral pons right cerebral peduncle this does not show pathologicenhancement.There is confluent and symmetric T2 signal hyperintensity in thesubcortical and periventricular white matter more pronouncedposteriorly. Differential diagnosis would include infectiousprocesses like CMV HIV Progressive multifocal encephalopathy other etiologies like demyelinating conditions inflammatoryconditions and toxic metabolic conditions are possible howeverless likely.There is hypertrophy of the adenoidal and palatine tonsillarlymphoid tissue. There is opacification of the right sphenoidsinus and there is mucosal thickening of the maxillary antrabilaterally. There is polypoidal mucosal thickening in theareated right pterygoid plate.The ventricular system and sulci are prominent suggestive ofintracranial volume loss. No extraaxial fluid collection is seen.There is no restricted diffusion. Appropriate intracranialarterial flow voids are present.MRV demonstrates flow in the superior sagittal sinus straightsinus both transverse and sigmoid sinuses and both jugularveins.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing right thalamic lesion suggestive of infectiousprocess like toxoplasmosis. Cryptococcal infection is anotherpossibility however less likely.2. Confluent and symmetric T2 signal hyperintensity in thesubcortical and periventricular white matter more pronouncedposteriorly. Differential diagnosis would include infectiousprocesses like CMV HIV Progressive multifocal encephalopathy other etiologies like demyelinating conditions inflammatoryconditions and toxic metabolic conditions are possible howeverless likely.3. No evidence of dural venous sinus thrombosis.Results discussed with neurology service at the time ofinterpretation.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStation