Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Some sequences are degraded by patient motion artifact. MRI brain: As seen on prior studies there is a small evolving intraparenchymal hemorrhage with restricted diffusion within the right corona radiata. There is a small linear area of restricted diffusion within the right cerebellar vermis extending into the cerebellar hemisphere associated with T2/FLAIR signal abnormality consistent with recent small infarction. This is associated with punctate susceptibility artifact due to blood products. Regions of susceptibility artifact within the splenium of the corpus callosum and pons/midbrain junction are not significantly changed when compared to prior study dated 7/16/2009. There is also punctate susceptibility artifact in the left cerebellar hemisphere also seen on the prior examination but more conspicuous currently. There is no associated surrounding edema. These lesions are of uncertain clinical etiology with differential diagnostic considerations including cavernomas as well as sequela of prior injury and/or infection. There is resolving subarachnoid as well as tentorial subdural hemorrhage present. There is susceptibility artifact related to recent coiling of superior branch of the right superior cerebellar artery. Signal abnormality in this location may represent localized hemorrhage. There is stable enlargement of the ventricular system and cerebral sulci consistent with volume loss for the patient's age. There is no mass effect midline shift or herniation. There is minimal mucosal thickening in the anterior ethmoid air cells. Otherwise the visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. The orbits appear unremarkable. There is loss of cervical normal lordosis. The visualized vertebrae are otherwise in anatomic alignment. Vertebral body heights are maintained. The paravertebral soft tissues are normal. No destructive marrow lesions are identified. There is diffuse T1 hypointensity of the calvarial and spinal marrow a nonspecific finding which may be seen in hematologic and/or marrow infiltrative disorders including anemia. Clinically correlate. Minimal disc bulges are noted in at C3-C4 and C6-C7. There is no evidence of canal or foraminal stenosis. There are patchy areas of signal abnormality within the medulla as well as throughout the cervical cord. The visualized spinal cord is otherwise normal in morphology.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small evolving parenchymal hemorrhage within the right corona radiata similar to recent studies. 2. Small recent infarct in the right cerebellar vermis/superior cerebellar hemisphere as detailed above. 3. Areas of susceptibility artifact in the splenium of the corpus callosum and pons/midbrain junction as well as punctate susceptibility artifact in the left cerebral hemisphere similar to the prior study from July 2009. These are of uncertain etiology with differential considerations including cavernomas as well as sequela of prior injury and/or infection. 4. Patchy areas of signal abnormality within the medulla and cervical spine as described above nonspecific. Differential diagnostic considerations vacuolar myelopathy as well as infectious etiologies such as HIV PML and CMV. Clinical correlation is recommended. 5. Resolving subarachnoid and subdural hemorrhage. 6. Status post coil embolization of right superior cerebellar artery aneurysm with postprocedural sequelae as above. 7. Abnormal marrow signal intensity. See above. 8. The patient declined to complete the study. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.