Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There is prominence of the ventricles and sulci suggestive of volume loss. There is no extra axial collection. There is no evidence of intracranial hemorrhage. There is diffuse confined abnormal signal intensity in the white matter a finding which in retrospect may have been present on most recent CT scan. This was not present in 2004. Differential diagnosis includes demyelination (possibly post anoxic) drug toxicity PML and other viral infections such as HIV and CMV. In addition there is abnormal signal intensity/encephalomalacia change in the anterior left temporal lobe and frontal lobe not significantly changed compared with prior studies of 2007. There is corresponding ex-vacuo dilatation of the left temporal horn. There is abnormal signal intensity in in the right temporal lobe also but to a lesser extent. Findings likely represent sequela of traumatic injury. There are several additional punctate foci of signal abnormality in the white matter including the corpus callosum which probably represent shear injuries. Note is made of a right frontal ventriculostomy tract. To the extent that they may be evaluated with routine MR imaging the vascular structures have a normal appearance. Again notes is opacification of the mastoid air cells and opacification of the middle-ear cavities unchanged from prior studies secondary to known cholesteatomas.
IMPRESSION:

1. Cerebral volume loss.2. Extensive white matter disease. Differential diagnosis includes demyelination (possibly post anoxic) drug toxicity PML and other viral infections such as HIV and CMV.3. Encephalomalacia of the left temporal lobe anterior left frontal lobe and to a lesser extent right temporal lobe. Several foci of abnormal signal intensity in the white matter and corpus callosum. Findings likely represent sequela of prior traumatic injury. 4. Stable opacification of the mastoid air cells and middle-ear cavities secondary to known cholesteatomas.Dr. Szucs was notified of these findings at the time of review.