Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Right frontal ventriculostomy catheter is noted tip in right frontal horn postsurgical changes along tract. Abnormal signal intensity right inferior frontal lobe with blood products consistent with a contusion suspect similar but much less prominent than in left inferior frontal lobe. Intraventricular blood layers in the occipital horns. Small focus of susceptibility right sylvian fissure likely small contusion or subarachnoid blood. Scattered small foci of susceptibility are noted elsewhere for example right frontal subcortical white matter right temporal subcortical and right posterior corpus callosum suggestive of shear injury. T1-bright signal basal cisterns consistent with subarachnoid blood small extra-axial subdural hematomas over convexities right more prominent than left but without significant mass effect. Or fluid-intensity extra-axial space over left frontotemporal convexity. Increased intensity in the sulci FLAIR images at least partly reflects subarachnoid blood although increased inspired oxygen content could contribute. Abnormal signal density is noted in the dorsal brainstem on T2 weighted images at pontomesencephalic level. On diffusion-weighted images (series 8) there are diffusion-bright foci in this location and in left medial midbrain these could represent additional shear injuries but did not show evidence of susceptibility on gradient echo images. There is T1 bright signal bilateral mastoid portions and also in paranasal sinuses superimposed on more isodense intense material likely blood products. Correlate with CT for assessment of extent of fractures. Specific note is made available proptosis on the right extraconal hematoma along roof of right orbit is evident measures about 4-mm depth and seen best on sagittal images (series 2 image 19) On 3-D T1-weighted images there is increased intensity in the left carotid artery relative to the right. The study is inadequate for detailed evaluation of the vessels but see prior conventional angiogram at which time coils were placed for carotid cavernous fistula corresponds to artifact left medial middle cranial fossa gradient echo images. Superior ophthalmic vein on the left remains prominent compared to right. Apparent flow voids are visualized on T2 weighted images in proximal arteries but cannot exclude slowed flow.
IMPRESSION:

1. Traumatic brain injury with intracranial intraventricular subarachnoid subdural intraparenchymal hemorrhages also evidence of hemorrhagic and nonhemorrhagic shear injury subcortical callosal and likely brainstem locations. 2. Asymmetric flow-related enhancement left internal carotid artery and branches previously coiled cavernous carotid fistula cannot assess integrity of internal carotid artery accurately on this study but no territorial ischemia on the left. 3. Right superior orbit hematoma with mild proptosis postprocedural changes status post coil embolization left carotid cavernous fistula.