Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

Examination motion degraded. There are scattered foci of susceptibility present within the right frontal lobe in the region of the superior frontal gyrus/precentral gyrus medially most prominently subcortically on the right with associated FLAIR signal abnormality and restricted diffusion. Small focus of susceptibility is noted within the pons centrally with associated FLAIR signal abnormality and may reflect shear injury versus possible sequela of remote prior lacune. Additional punctate focus of susceptibility noted possibly cortical or subarachnoid adjacent to the left superior frontal gyrus posteriorly with associated restricted diffusion. The presence of susceptibility in these areas may artifactually elevate restricted diffusion in these regions. There are other scattered foci of restricted diffusion present along the lateral aspect of the left temporal lobe cortically with associated FLAIR signal abnormalities . Edema and susceptibility is noted within the left temporal lobe along the petrous ridge compatible with an area of hemorrhagic contusion. Probable other contusions present within the inferior aspect left frontal lobe and possibly along the cortical margin of the left temporal lobe. There is scattered sulcal FLAIR hyperintensity present overlying the cerebral convexities as well as within the basal cisterns and overlying the cerebellum probably reflective of subarachnoid blood products with scattered areas of susceptibility; small component of tentorial subdural hematoma not excluded.. Interventricular blood products are noted within the lateral third and fourth ventricles. Ventricular caliber is similar in appearance to prior exams without evidence of transependymal edema. There is no midline shift. Mild generalized parenchymal volume loss suggested. There are a few other scattered foci of T2 prolongation within the deep white matter which are nonspecific. The imaged calvarial marrow is unremarkable. Opacification right greater than left mastoid air cells and patient with known right temporal bone fracture; right temporal scalp soft tissue edema is noted. Mucosal changes maxillary sinuses sphenoid sinus and ethmoid air cells. Imaged orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple areas of restricted diffusion involving the medial aspect of the frontal lobes right worse than left at the convexity which involve the right precentral gyrus. While this may be in part artifactual secondary to the presence of hemorrhagic products in this patient with likely shear injury given patient's left-sided weakness findings are worrisome for a component of acute ischemia. There are other punctate areas are restricted diffusion within the left temporal lobe left laterally cortically with associated FLAIR signal abnormality which could reflect areas of contusion or shear injury; acute ischemia in these regions not excluded 2. Punctate focus of susceptibility within the pons. While this could reflect sequela shear injury a remote hemorrhagic lacunae could have similar appearance. Correlate clinically. 3. Subarachnoid intraventricular and questionable tentorial subdural blood products as detailed. Ventricular caliber is stable. 4. Left temporal lobe and probable left inferior frontal contusions.