Diseases: ['astrocytoma']
FINDINGS:

As seen on the prior study there is a well defined enhancing 10 mm ovoid intraparenchymal mass in the inferior right cerebellar hemisphere with surrounding abnormal signal likely edema with mild mass effect on the right posterolateral aspect of the 4th ventricle. Surrounding T2 signal abnormality which involves both cortex and white matter of the right cerebellum extends inferiorly to the right cerebellar tonsil medial to the vermis medial left cerebellum and also cephalad to the right brachium pontis. The extent of signal abnormality is similar to the prior study. No associated diffusion restriction. MR spectroscopy in this region is somewhat non specific although some voxels central to area of abnormality do show mildly elevated choline decreased NAA and increased lipid/lactate. The ovoid enhancing mass also demonstrates increased rCBV findings consistent with neoplasm. Redemonstrated are stable appearing subdural hematoma layering over the right greater than left tentorium right parietal lobe as well as extra-axial hemorrhage in the left parietoccipital region. Resolved foci of FLAIR hyperintensity within the sulci and prominence in the left temporal area likely reflect subarachnoid hemorrhage and blood product dependently within both occipital horns. Foci of T2 prolongation in the subcortical right temporal lobe above the petrous ridge and in the left frontotemporal region involving both the cortex and subcortical white matter without enhancement likely reflecting cerebral contusion unchanged. Other multiple scattered areas of T2 weighted and FLAIR hyperintense signal involving the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter as well as the deep grey structures nonspecific but likely representing sequela of small vessel and perfusional ischemic disease and overall stable in appearance. The ventricles and sulci are enlarged suggestive of mild volume loss. There is no new intracranial hemorrhage nor extra-axial collection. Significantly decreased amount of fluid in the left maxillary sinus. Small amount of fluid in the bilateral sphenoid sinuses. The orbital contents are normal. Fractures identified on CT are not well evaluated on MRI. Evolving left frontal scalp hematoma again noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing 10-mm mass in the inferior right cerebellum as detailed with surrounding T2 prolongation stable since 07/08/2010 exam. Conventional and advanced imaging features suggest that the mass has features of neoplasm. The differential includes metastatic disease and primary glial tumor such as astrocytoma. 2. Stable subdural hemorrhage over the tentorium cerebelli right cerebral convexity and left parietal region. 3. Resolved intraventricular and scattered subarachnoid hemorrhage. 4. Stable right temporal lobe and left frontotemporal contusions. 5. Mild age-related volume loss and other sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. 6. Interval decrease in fluid collection in the left maxillary sinus. Small amount of fluid in the sphenoid sinuses.