Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma', 'hematoma', 'contusion', 'contusion', 'contusion']
FINDINGS:

There are post surgical changes status post left craniectomy with herniation of the brain through the craniectomy defect. There is a small epidural hematoma overlying the right temporal lobe with a maximal diameter of approximately 1 cm unchanged. This causes mild leftward displacement of the uncus. In addition there is a small subdural hematoma overlying the tentorium. This is also similar to prior exam. There is extensive subarachnoid blood right greater than left. There is a hematoma containing a fluid-fluid level within the left basal ganglia associated with surrounding edema. This is similar in size as compared to prior CT scan. There is a large area of contusion in the left temporal lobe with smaller areas of contusion in the left cerebellum and medial temporal lobes bilaterally. There are small foci of hemorrhagic axonal injury in the bilateral frontal lobes. Hemorrhagic axonal injury is also noted in the right thalamus and corpus callosum as well as the right pontomedullary junction. There is a tract in the right frontal lobe from the prior Licox monitor. There is a small subdural hygroma in the interhemispheric fissure. Ventricular size is stable. Extensive fluid and blood is noted in the mastoids and paranasal sinuses bilaterally. There is normal alignment of the cervical and thoracic spine. There is mild abnormal T2 signal along the superior endplates of the T3 T4 and T5 vertebral bodies which may represent mild bruising. There is no displaced fracture. Otherwise the vertebral bodies are normal in height and signal intensity. The ligaments appear intact. There is no abnormal signal within the cord and the thecal sac is normal. There is trace fluid around the interspinous ligament at C1-2 as well as in the region of the apical ligament. There is no disc herniation.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small epidural hematoma overlying the right temporal lobe with mild leftward displacement of the uncus unchanged. Small subdural hematoma overlying the tentorium. 2. Status post left craniectomy with herniation of the left cerebral hemisphere through the craniectomy defect. 3. Large left basal ganglia hematoma with associated edema unchanged. 4. Scattered foci of contusion and hemorrhagic axonal injury as above. Hemorrhagic contusion in the right pontomedullary junction. 5. No evidence of ligamentous injury or cord compression in the cervical or thoracic spine. Mild abnormal signal in the superior endplates of T3 through T5 may represent small areas of contusion.