Diseases: ['contusion', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Since prior examination there is a stable appearance to the diffuse disc disease throughout the cervical spine . There is abnormal compression deformity and signal abnormality within the vertebral body of T5 better evaluated on today's exam. Extensive narrowing of the disc spaces at C3/C4 C5/C6 and C6/C7. The focal patchy signal abnormality in the cord at C4/C5 and slightly off midline to the right is still noted suggesting possible contusion/myelomalacia from disc impingement or prior trauma. C2/C3 central disc osteophyte complex effacing the ventral aspect of the cord but no significant spinal canal stenosis or neural foramina narrowing. C3/C4 there is complete loss of the discs space at that level and central disc associated with facet hypertrophic changes moderate bilateral neural foramina stenosis and moderate degree of spinal canal stenosis. Tiny focus of abnormal signal within the left aspect of the cord. C4/C5: There is a large central herniated disc associated with focal protrusion significant facet hypertrophic changes  compression of the spinal cord causing moderate to severe spinal canal stenosis. Moderate bilateral neural foramina stenosis. Abnormal signal within the cord suggesting myelomalacia or prior contusion. C5/C6 central disc osteophyte complex with effacement of the ventral aspect of the cord with moderate bilateral spinal stenosis. C6/C7 right-sided osteophyte complex effacing the ventral aspect of cord with no significant spinal canal stenosis. C7/T1: No significant canal stenosis or neural trauma narrowing. Evaluation of the brain demonstrate significant dilatation of the bilateral ventricles especially on the occipital horns . There are tiny foci of dependent blooming artifact in the bilateral lateral ventricles suspicious for prior intraventricular hemorrhage noted on prior examination. There is diffuse ventricular dilatation that is out of proportion to the cortical sulci and subarachnoid spaces suggesting communicating hydrocephalus.There are foci of abnormal T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep white matter suggestive of small vessel ischemic changes  however associated transependymal flow is likely. There is a right posterior parasagittal mass measuring 15 x 20 mm which is T2 hyperintense and demonstrate blooming artifact on the gradient sequence representing calcified lesion likely representing an enhancing meningioma. Evaluation of the paranasal sinuses demonstrate mild mucosal thickening and air fluid levels in the bilateral maxillary sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Diffuse spondylosis of the cervical spine most pronounced at C4/C5 C5/C6.2. Focal abnormal signal within the cord suggesting myelomalacia and or contusion from prior trauma.3. Compression deformity of the vertebral body of T5.4. Diffuse dilatation of ventricular system suggesting communicating hydrocephalus please correlate clinically.All the above findings are stable compared to prior examination.Findings were discussed with Dr. Jessica Wilden from neurosurgery at the 11:35 PM.Attending