Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

There is patency of the bilateral cervical vertebral arteries. The left vertebral artery is hypoplastic and originates from the aortic arch. The bilateral common carotid and cervical internal carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis or evidence of dissection. There is motion artifact at the top slices of the circle of Willis MRA. The visualized bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and vertebrobasilar system are otherwise patent. The bilateral A1 and M1 segments appear patent on the enhanced neck MRA sequences. No aneurysm is seen. The dural venous sinuses are patent. Internal jugular veins are patent. No evidence of venous sinus thrombosis. Images through the brain are limited by motion. There is restricted diffusion and a small amount of susceptibility in the posterior body and splenium of the corpus callosum as well as in the anterior left temporal lobe. These are consistent with hemorrhagic contusions/DAI with cytotoxic edema. On FLAIR there is increased signal intensity within the subarachnoid space bilaterally which likely represents a combination of subarachnoid blood and ventilator therapy with high oxygen concentration. There are small bilateral frontotemporal subdural hematomas. There is no midline shift or significant mass effect. Basal cisterns are patent. Gradient images demonstrate gyriform low signal in the subarachnoid space bilaterally left greater than right as well as low signal in the anterior left temporal lobe. There is no abnormal enhancement. Orbits and globes are grossly normal. Mild paranasal sinus mucosal thickening is present. Scalp fluid collections are seen bilaterally posteriorly right larger than left.
IMPRESSION:

1. Restricted diffusion in the posterior body and splenium of the corpus callosum likely secondary to traumatic diffuse axonal injury. A few additional foci of susceptibility/restricted diffusion in left temporal lobe and possibly right cerebellum may represent DAI as well. 2. Left temporal lobe contusion or DAI. 3. Small bilateral frontal-temporal subdural hematomas. 4. Limited intracranial MRA but with no aneursym seen. No dural venous sinus thrombosis. 5. Patent neck vessels. No evidence of dissection. Discussed and acknowledged by Dr. Halpern at 3:10 PM on April 20 2009.