Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

The images are motion degraded. The ventricular system and basal cisterns are normal in size and configuration. There is diffuse hyperintense FLAIR signal within the subarachnoid spaces. There are numerous small foci of hyperintense T2 signal with associated restricted diffusion and susceptibility on gradient echo imaging at the gray-white matter junctions of both cerebral hemispheres in the body and splenium of the corpus callosum and within the brainstem. There is a left anterior temporal lobe contusion. There is mild diffuse paranasal sinus mucosal thickening. A mucous retention cyst is noted in the right maxillary sinus. The cervical vertebral bodies are normal in height and alignment. The previously noted distraction of the atlanto-occipital joints bilaterally has improved in the interim. The bilateral occipital condylar avulsion fractures noted on prior CT are not as well well visualized on this study due to MR technique. There is soft tissue hemorrhage and edema at the craniocervical junction at the occipital condylar fracture sites. There is ventral epidural hemorrhage posterior to the odontoid process causing posterior bowing of the posterior longitudinal ligament and mild indentation of the ventral thecal sac. There is also hemorrhage and edema at the posterior craniocervical junction along the ligamentum flavum. There is interspinous ligamentous edema at the C1-C2 level. There is extensive retropharyngeal edema. There is diffuse scattered posterior paraspinal muscular and soft tissue edema. The spinal cord is normal in caliber and signal. No evidence of cord compression or injury. There is soft tissue edema within the left masticator space and anterior neck associated with previously noted left mandibular fracture. There is edema in the the supraclavicular regions greatest about the left clavicular fracture. Hyperintense signal in the left greater than right upper lungs is likely due to contusions. Two oral route tubes are partially visualized.
IMPRESSION:

1. Diffuse axonal injury and left temporal lobe contusion as above. 2. Hyperintense FLAIR signal diffusely in the subarachnoid spaces. This is most likely due to hyperoxygenation of this ventilated patient. However recommend follow-up CT to exclude progression of subarachnoid hemorrhage. 3. Hemorrage and edema in the soft tissues at the craniocervical junction as well as in the occipital-atlanto joints at site of distraction injury. Occipital condylar fractures. Interspinous ligamentous injury at C1-2. Improvement of the atlanto-occipital joint alignment. 4. No definite cervical spinal cord injury. Dr. Knoll was notified of these findings by phone on 12/15/2007. Final attending interpretation: Agree with above. In addition axial T2-weighted images suggest an epidural collection in the ventral and right postero-lateral spinal canal extending from C2 to the cervical thoracic junction it is hyperintense on T2-weighted imaging. This is felt to be real in addition because there appears to be mild indentation of the ventral thecal sac and mild displacement of the spinal cord from right to left. There is also suggestion of high signal intensity in the posterior spinal cord at T1-T2 see image 42 of series 8 for example. Final attending interpretation called to Dr. Fox.