Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'contusion']
FINDINGS:

Susceptibility artifact is present around the aneurysm clip in the region of the suprasellar cistern. Again seen is a right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter coursing through the right frontal lobe entering into the left lateral ventricle with its tip in the left periatrial white matter. Left frontal lobe Licox device is in place. Changes of right pterional craniotomy including associated scalp and extra-axial fluid/blood product again noted. Along the craniotomy site there is a focal T2 hyperintense fluid collection that appears to be in continuity with fluid collection just deep to the craniotomy bone flap. This may represent small pseudomeningocele or seroma. T1 hyperintense signal consistent with blood product is present along the Licox there is thin enhancement along the ventriculostomy catheter and Licox. Right greater than left subdural blood blood within the occipital horns of the lateral ventricles. T1 hyperintense signal is present within the medial inferior right frontal lobe there is surrounding enhancement. No definite restricted diffusion is present in the right frontal lobe there is associated T2 hyperintense signal. Gradient echo sequences demonstrates susceptibility artifact in the region of the aneurysm clip as well as along the right medial-inferior frontal lobe. On CT there is corresponding low attenuation in the same location with hyperdense blood along the anterior interhemispheric fissure just above the aneurysm clip. Findings likely represent extracellular methemoglobin in this location. Hyperintense signal is present within the body of the corpus callosum on T2 weighted sequences and there is associated restricted diffusion and T1 hypo-to isointense signal. Ventriculostomy catheter does course just below this abnormal signal and there is susceptibility artifact along the superior aspect of the septum pellucidum along the catheter. The configuration of this does raise possibility for contusion along the body of the corpus callosum however signal changes are more suggestive of ischemia. Postcontrast sequences do demonstrate enhancement within the sulci of the bilateral high posterior frontal sulci. While this may be reactive in nature as there is reactive dural enhancement bilaterally thick enhancement within the sulci does raise suspicion for underlying infectious etiology. There may be some restricted diffusion associated with this. Bilateral mastoid air cell and middle ear fluid. Fluid/mucosal thickening in the right frontal sinus ethmoidal air cells bilateral maxillary sinuses sphenoid sinus. Evaluation of the cervical spine demonstrates normal marrow signal. No definite abnormal cord signal seen on two orthogonal planes. Multilevel degenerative changes are seen with disc-osteophyte complexes at C3-4 C4-5 C5-6 levels. There is effacement of the ventral CSF space at all these levels with mild-moderate central canal narrowing. Endotracheal and nasogastric tube are noted in place. Axial T2 weighted sequences are motion degraded.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post surgical changes from aneurysm clipping. Small pseudomeningocele versus aroma adjacent to bone flap. 2. Sulcal enhancement along the right greater than left high posterior frontal sulci with suggestion of restricted diffusion associated with this. Underlying infectious etiology is suspected. 3. Likely contusion along the body of the corpus callosum above ventriculostomy catheter see comment. 4. No definite abnormal cord signal although the examination is motion degraded. Degenerative changes of the cervical spine. 5. Mucosal thickening/fluid in the sinuses with fluid in the bilateral mastoid air cells and bilateral middle ear cavities.