Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma', 'contusion']
FINDINGS:

There are new postsurgical changes from right frontal craniotomy including pneumocephalus and extra axial fluid and blood. There is mild mass effect upon the underlying right frontal lobe and right lateral ventricle. There is right-to-left midline shift of approximate 4 mm. As seen on image 19 of series 7 there is a 7 x 14 mm small T1-bright parenchymal hematoma in the inferior right frontal lobe. Subcutaneous fluid and gas are also present. The rim enhancing cystic and solid sellar/suprasellar mass is again seen. The cystic portion is decreased in size postop but the inferior and posterior soft tissue component is increased in thickness since the prior study. As seen on image 14 of series 10 there are changes from biopsy of the cyst wall anterosuperiorly. As seen on image 11 of series 9 there is residual enhancement in the inferior aspect on the optic chiasm. The normal carotid flow voids are preserved and there is evidence of cavernous sinus thrombosis. There is mild gyral swelling in the inferior and anterior right temporal lobe some of which is associated with mild restricted diffusion. This could be secondary to cytotoxic edema contusion or seizure activity. The basal cisterns remain patent. No abnormal enhancement is present in the brain.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post right frontal craniotomy with postsurgical changes including right frontal extra-axial hematoma with 4 mm of right-to-left midline shift. There is a small parenchymal hematoma in the inferior right frontal lobe. 2. Interval decrease in size of the cystic portion of mixed cystic and solid sellar/suprasellar mass. The solid components inferiorly and posteriorly have increased in thickness. There is residual enhancement in the inferior optic chiasm which is suspicious for residual tumor. A more recent preoperative study would be necessary to accurately assess extent of resection. 3. Mild edema and restricted diffusion in the anterior/inferior right temporal cortex could be secondary to cytotoxic edema contusion or seizure activity. Per Dr. Bohman the patient is neurologically intact. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Leif-Erik Bohman at 11:20 a.m. on December 15 2009.