Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

Images degraded by motion artifacts. There is a 3 x 5 mm lesion in the anterior tip of the right temporal lobe which demonstrates peripheral susceptibility and enhancement (series 17 image 15) and corresponds to a 5 mm hyperdense focus seen on CT from 9/30/2013. There is mild surrounding FLAIR signal abnormality without significant mass effect. There are foci of susceptibility at the gray-white junction in the left posterior parietal lobe (series 16 image 15) and in the right frontal subcortical white matter (series 16 image 17) in keeping with prior microhemorrhages. There are no findings of extracerebral fluid collection. The brain parenchymal volume is age-appropriate. The ventricles and sulci are normal as to size shape and position. The basal cisterns are patent. There are no areas of abnormally restricted diffusion in the brain to suggest acute ischemia. Small mucosal retention cyst in the right maxillary sinus otherwise the visualized paranasal sinuses are essentially clear. Partial opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells. There is interval decrease in soft tissue swelling involving the right face. Cervical spine: Straightening of the cervical spine. No spondylolisthesis. No evidence of ligamentous injury Individual vertebrae are unremarkable. Intervertebral disc spaces are maintained. There are small disc bulges at C3-C4 C5-C6 and C6-C7 most prominent at C6-C7 causing flattening of the ventral thecal sac and mild spinal canal narrowing. There is mild narrowing of the left neural foramen at C5-C6 due to uncovertebral hypertrophy and facet arthropathy. Cord is normal in caliber signal and location
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving but stable in size 5 mm focus of hemorrhagic parenchymal contusion in the right anterior temporal lobe with mild surrounding vasogenic edema and without significant mass effect. Clinical correlation and Followup imaging is recommended. 2. Tiny foci of susceptibility in the right frontal and left parietal lobes which likely represent prior microhemorrhages. 3. No traumatic injury to the cervical spine. Mild degenerative changes as detailed above.