Diseases: ['hematoma', 'contusion', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

MRI There are postsurgical changes from prior left hemicraniectomy. There is a left extra-axial collection with slight extension to the scalp superiorly measuring up to 6 mm previously 11 mm. There has been interval development of a right posterior parietal subdural hematoma measuring up to 5 mm with local mass effect. There is continued herniation of left cerebral hemisphere beyond the craniectomy defect overall similar in appearance to prior CT exam. There has been interval evolution of both hemorrhagic and nonhemorrhagic contusions. There is an evolving large left temporal lobe contusion with associated intraparenchymal hemorrhage. Overall the extent is measures approximately 6.6 x 4.3 cm previously measuring 7.0 x 4.4 cm on prior CT of 6/15/13. The right frontal hemorrhagic contusion measures 15 x 12 mm previously 10 x 9 mm CT although the differences maybe due to technique. The right temporal hemorrhagic contusion has evolved in the interval. There is 7 mm leftward midline shift previously 8 mm. There is a chronic left cerebellar infarct. Grossly stable effacement and distortion of the left lateral ventricle. Small amount of hemorrhage within the left occipital horn. There is suggestion of the presence of blood products around the ventral cord at the craniocervical junction. There is opacification of the bilateral mastoid air cells. There is partial hemorrhagic opacification of the sphenoid sinuses. Multiple calvarial fractures are better demonstrated on CT. MRA: There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving postsurgical changes from prior left-sided craniectomy with interval decrease in the left extra-axial collection. Continued herniation of left cerebral hemisphere beyond margins of craniectomy defect. 2. Evolving intraparenchymal contusions and hemorrhage with largest hematoma in left temporal lobe as described similar or slightly decreased in size when accounting for difference in technique. Right frontal hemorrhagic contusion appears slightly enlarged which may also be secondary to differences in technique. Newly appreciated right parietal subdural hematoma measuring up to 5 mm. No new areas of intraparenchymal hemorrhage. 3. Overall stable appearance of the ventricular system with continued 7 mm leftward midline shift (previously 8 mm). 4. Suggestion of blood products around the ventral cord at the craniocervical junction. 5. No acute infarction. Chronic left cerebellar infarct. 6. Patency of the intracranial circulation as above. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.