Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

There is a right frontal approach Licox catheter has been removed. Stable bilateral craniectomies with related post surgical changes which include extra axial fluid and blood products over both convexities. The extra-axial collection overlying the left convexity has increased in size in the interval since the prior study now measuring up to 10 mm (previously 8 mm). There is stable mild herniation of the cerebral hemispheres through their respective craniectomies. Hematoma in the left frontal lobe which surrounded the prior catheter tract is stable in size; surrounding parenchymal edema. There is also evidence of a parenchymal hemorrhage in the inferior right temporal lobe and edema and probable hemorrhagic contusion within the left inferior temporal lobe. Also again seen is a small hemorrhage with associated susceptibility effects and surrounding edema in the left parietal lobe. When accounting for differences in technique these are essentially unchanged. There are scattered punctate foci of susceptibility effects at the gray-white matter junction suggesting axonal shear injury. There is a right parafalcine subdural hematoma which has increased in size since the prior study measuring 8 mm (previously 5 mm). Stable subdural hematomas are noted overlying both temporal parietal and occipital convexities and layering over the tentorium left greater than right. Small subdural hematomas are also noted overlying both cerebellar hemispheres. These are better visualized on the current study. Intraventricular hemorrhage has diminished in the interval since the prior study. Stable scattered subarachnoid hemorrhage essentially unchanged in distribution. Small occipital extra-axial hematoma is unchanged. The ventricles are mildly prominent but stable in size. There is no midline shift. The basal cisterns remain open. Multiple calvarial and skull base fractures are again seen. Opacification within the right maxillary ethmoid and bilateral sphenoid sinuses is grossly stable. Again seen is opacification of the bilateral mastoid air cells middle ear cavities.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bilateral craniectomies with related post surgical changes and mild increased size of left extra-axial collection as detailed above. Stable mild herniation of both cerebral hemispheres through their respective craniectomies. 2. Scattered punctate foci of susceptibility effects at the gray-white junction of both cerebral hemispheres suggesting axonal shear injury. 3. Minimal increased size of right parafalcine subdural hemorrhage. Other subdural hematomas are essentially unchanged in appearance. Details above 4. Stable hemorrhagic contusions left frontal parenchymal hemorrhage and subarachnoid hemorrhage. 5. Diminished intraventricular hemorrhage. This case was discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Syre of neurosurgery at 1:20 am January 27 2010. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: The bilateral occipital/parietal extra-axial collections have increased in size. The subdural hemorrhage in the interhemispheric fissure extends along the right tentorium cerebelli into the right middle cranial fossa. There is expected evolution of the left frontoparietal hemorrhagic contusion.