Diseases: ['lipoma']
FINDINGS:

Left knee: Several sequences are degraded by motion artifact and low signal-to-noise ratio. The quadriceps and patellar tendons are intact. There is a complex tear of the body and posterior horn of the medial meniscus with extension into the anterior horn. The meniscus is extruded anteriorly. There is near full-thickness cartilage loss of the central portion of the medial femoral condyle and medial tibial plateau.The medial collateral ligament is intact. There is edema surrounding the tendons of the pes anserinus in keeping with mild bursitis. This fluid extends superiorly and surrounds the MCL. The lateral meniscus is intact. The lateral compartment cartilage demonstrates thinning without full thickness defects. The iliotibial band lateral collateral ligament and biceps femoris tendons are normal. The popliteus tendon is within normal limits. There is focal full-thickness cartilage loss of the median eminence of the patella with underlying subchondral edema. There is diffuse thinning of the cartilage of the medial facet. There is full-thickness cartilage loss of the lateral trochlea and intercondylar notch with large areas of underlying subchondral edema and cystic change. The anterior cruciate ligament is normal. The posterior cruciate ligament is normal. There is a small joint effusion without intra-articular body. There is a tiny popliteal cyst with leakage. There is no bone contusion or fracture. There are small periarticular osteophytes. Left calf: Incidentally noted is a small intramuscular lipoma in the medial head of the gastrocnemius muscle. There is no fluid between the medial head of the gastrocnemius muscle and soleus muscle to suggest rupture of the plantaris tendon. The muscles of the left calf demonstrate normal signal and bulk. The marrow signal within the left tibia and fibula are normal. There is no stress fracture.
IMPRESSION:

1. Osteoarthritis most pronounced in the medial and patellofemoral compartments. Complex tear of the posterior horn and body of the medial meniscus with maceration. 2. mild Pes anserine bursitis. Leaking small popliteal cyst. 3. No rupture of the plantaris tendon. Small intramuscular lipoma in the medial head of the gastrocnemius muscle. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.