Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

Signal abnormality noted in the inferior right frontal lobe correlating with area of hyperdensity seen on prior head CT and compatible with hemorrhagic contusion with small amount of surrounding edema. Increased signal noted in a few cortical sulci on the FLAIR sequence most notable in the right temporal lobe compatible with small amount of traumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage. T1 shortening noted in several cortical veins on the right likely artifactual. No mass effect midline shift extra axial fluid collections or hydrocephalus. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Scattered foci of T2 prolongation noted throughout the cerebral white matter nonspecific but likely sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. No evidence of acute ischemia/infarct. Following contrast administration there appears to be mild dural enhancement on the right likely inflammatory in nature secondary to recent head trauma. No pathologic parenchymal enhancement. Mild mucosal thickening noted in the paranasal sinuses. Mastoid air cells are clear. Orbits unremarkable. Large left scalp hematoma again noted. The posterior nasopharyngeal soft tissues are somewhat prominent for the patient's stated age containing a small retention cyst.
IMPRESSION:

1. Findings compatible with hemorrhagic contusion in the inferior right frontal lobe correlating with the hyperdensity seen on prior head CT. There is probably also a small amount of traumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage as described. 2. Prominence of the posterior nasopharyngeal soft tissues. While this could be reactive underlying neoplastic or lymphoproliferative process cannot be excluded and clinical correlation is recommended. ATTENDING REVIEW: Agree with above report. Incidental small developmental venous anomaly with possible associated capillary telangectasia in left medulla. Scattered foci of T2 prolongation within subcortical white matter are nonspecific but greater than expected for patient's stated age of 46. Differential considerations are broad to include accelerated chronic ischemic changes (in setting of diabetes hypertension other) demyelinating or inflammatory/infectious etiologies. This is not a typical location or signal pattern for diffuse axonal injury.