Diseases: ['metastasis', 'craniopharyngioma', 'lymphoma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Motion artifact particularly on axial T2 images. There is a 2.1 x 1.6 cm suprasellar mass which demonstrates mild rim-enhancement. The mass appears separate from the pituitary gland and appears to arise from and expand the optic chiasm and hypothalamus although there are large lobulated components both above and below the chiasm. The mass has some hypointensity on T2-weighted images and ADC maps. There is FLAIR hyperintensity extending along the optic tracts likely edema versus infiltrative neoplasm. Otherwise no abnormal parenchymal enhancement. Please note that there is no significant enhancement on the STEALTH acquisition suggesting that it may have been acquired pre-contrast. There is an extraaxial soft tissue mass along the right posterior calvarium corresponding to the erosive lesion identified on prior head CT likely an osseous metastasis. Multiple other osseous metastases also noted. None of these findings were present on the prior 2008 brain MRI. There is no restricted diffusion or susceptibility artifact in the brain. There are foci of increased T2/FLAIR signal in the white matter which are likely sequelae of chronic ischemia. Old lacunar infarct right pons and bilateral deep cerebellar white matter. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and position. There is some cerebellar volume loss. There is intrinsic T1 shortening about the anterior horns of the lateral ventricles likely mineralization. The orbits are normal. The paranasal sinuses are normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Rim-enhancing suprasellar mass differential diagnosis includes metastasis craniopharyngioma and primary (optic/hypothalamic) neoplasm. Lymphoma and meningioma may also be considered given the density on CT and hypointensity on T2WI although the enhancement pattern is unusual for these diagnoses. Consider MRI of the orbits for better evaluation as clinically warranted. 2. Multiple osseous metastases largest in right parietal calvarium. 3. Please note that the stealth sequence was probably performed without contrast.