Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

Sellar/suprasellar mass redemonstrated measuring about 14 mm in height and about the 12-13 mm diameter transverse similar sized to prior accounting for differences in slice position and head angulation. The focus appears to arise from the pituitary gland which is flattened anterior and posterior lesion itself does not enhance although there is a thin rim of peripheral enhancement best appreciated on coronal and axial postcontrast images. Optic chiasm is elevated and minimally impinged upon similar extent. Internal signal characteristics are isointense on T1-weighted images decreased intensity on T2 weighted images. Again seen is T2-dark T1-bright defined structure sphenoid sinus slightly expansile. Paranasal sinuses otherwise clear except for occasional foci of mucosal thickening in maxillary and ethmoid air cells. The size of the sphenoid sinus focus is about the same mucosal thickening anterior to it has improved since prior and there is also improvement in appearance of right maxillary sinus. In the brain the ventricles and CSF spaces are nearly symmetric and appropriate for age. There are no suspicious foci of abnormal increased intensity in the brain on the long-TR images or diffusion-weighted series. There are prominent flow voids right inferior frontal lobe with enhancement suggestive of large developmental venous anomaly stable appearance. No other abnormal enhancing foci. No other changes.
IMPRESSION:

1. Sellar/suprasellar mass which appears to arise from pituitary gland primary differential includes cystic degeneration macroadenoma Rathke's cleft cyst doubt craniopharyngioma. There is stable mass effect on optic chiasm. 2. T2-dark T1 bright slightly expansile focus sphenoid sinus is probably inflammatory could represent mucocele but stable appearance. 3. Unremarkable MRI brain except for a probable large developmental venous anomaly right inferior frontal lobe which is stable compared to prior. Note is made of the comparison study is from Chester County Hospital report of that study not currently available.