Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

No definite imaging evidence of osmotic demyelination. Scattered foci of T2 hyperintensity in the cerebellum and left pons some of which demonstrates restricted diffusion consistent with infarcts. Status post right craniotomy and resection of suprasellar mass. Postsurgical changes including right extraaxial and scalp fluid collection and scattered blood products. Signal abnormality in right frontal lobe along prior catheter tract. Left frontal ventriculostomy terminating in left anterior body of the lateral ventricle. Ventricles unchanged in size. Stable intraventricular hemorrhage in bilateral occipital horns. Resolving subarachnoid hemorrhage as well as subdural blood along the tentorium and posterior fossa. Mild increase in the nodular enhancement surrounding the surgical cavity in the suprasellar cistern most likely postoperative in nature. Advise follow up. Again seen is diffuse leptomeningeal enhancement and enhancement of the basilar cisterns. Also expected postsurgical dural enhancement. Compared to prior MRI increased prominence of scattered deep and subcortical white matter T2 hyperintense foci as well interval appearance of new foci in the supratentorial brain and cerebellum including the right vermis possible represent areas of ischemic change. Some of the areas may correspond to what appears to be subtle areas of nodular enhancement and are concerning for the possibility of leptomeningeal neoplastic spread. Small calvarial lesion on the right near the vertex possibly representing an intraosseous lipoma. Mild paranasal sinus and mastoid air cell mucosal thickening. More focal fluid and/or mucosal thickening in sphenoid sinuses. Fluid in posterior nasopharynx.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes s/p resection of suprasellar mass. Findings suggestive of possible recurrence/progression of residual neoplasm as detailed above with suggestion also of leptomeningeal spread.2. Multiple small infarction in the pons and cerebellum.3. Ventriculostomy in place with stable ventricle size.4. Discussed with Dr. Baumann at 12 am.