Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

There is a large oval-shaped mass in the sellar and suprasellar region extending inferiorly into the posterior sphenoid sinus. This mass is heterogeneous however has solid areas of enhancement along the periphery and primarily the inferior margin. Centrally it appears more fluid like with T1 hyperintensity in the mass superiorly. This may represent proteinacous material however blood product cannot be excluded (although there is no susceptibility effect on gradient images arguing against intracellular deoxy or methemoglobin and there is no hyperdensity on CT). There may be mucosal thickening or secretions along the floor of the remodeled sella within the sphenoid sinus. The stalk or normal pituitary tissue cannot be clearly visualized. The mass measures 3.4 cm in CC by approximately 1.7 cm in greatest diameter. The superior margin of the lesion exerts significant mass affect on the optic chiasm. The cavernous portions of the internal carotid artery are laterally displaced and compressed by the mass doubt invasion but cavernous sinus involvement could be present on left and less likely right. No evidence for encasement of the cavernous portions of the internal carotid artery however there is asymmetry with the right ICA being larger than the left. The superior aspect of the mass abuts the anterior cerebral arteries and displaces the A1 segments of the anterior cerebral arteries anteriorly. It is difficult to actually assess the bony margins of the sella however there appears to be marked anterior bowing of the floor and CSF surrounding the mass inferiorly evidence of chronic process with remodeling. Correlation with CT is recommended for further bony detail. The cerebellar tonsils have a pointed configuration and extend approximately 1.6 CM below the level of the foramen magnum to just below posterior arch of C1 compatible with a Chiari 1 malformation. No evidence for acute intracranial parenchymal hemorrhage infarction hydrocephalus or midline shift in the brain. Moderate size mucus retention cyst in the left maxillary sinus. The remainder the visualized paranasal sinuses with the exception of the sphenoid sinus-as detailed above are clear. The mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. 3.4 x 1.7 large heterogenously enhancing mass in the sellar and parasellar region as detailed above compressing optic chiasm. There may be a cystic/necrotic portion with proteinaceous fluid or perhaps subacute blood products. Favor macroadenoma status post necrosis or hemorrhage doubt craniopharyngioma. Remodeling of sella argues for chronic process prior to more acute presentation at this time. 2. Chiari 1 malformation. 3. No acute hemorrhage or infarction. The above findings were discussed with Drs. Lega and Magge in neurosurgery by me (Wolf) upon completion of study and prior to surgery.