Diseases: ['hematoma', 'craniopharyngioma', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

Study is degraded due to patient motion.Area of decreased T2 signal with fluid fluid level and increasedFLAIR signal foci of increased T1 signal is seen within thesella region toward the left of midline may represent hemorrhage.The area abuts optic chiasm and causes superior displacement ofthe left optic nerve. No apparent enhancement of theabove-mentioned area is demonstrated. The pituitary gland appearsseparate from this lesion. This lesion also extends into thesuprasellar cistern and saddles the left lateral wall of thesella.Area of increased T1 signal is seen adjacent to the clivus mayrepresent hemorrhagic blood products. There is no acute extracerebral fluid collection midline shiftor mass effect. There is interval progression of the corticalsulci and ventricular prominence. There are extensive confluent aswell as multifocal regions of increased signal intensity in theperiventricular white matter in the subcortical and deep whitematter in the deep gray matter of the basal ganglia and the whitematter tracks of the corpus striatum and there are few in thebrainstem that has progressed as compared to prior study. Theseare not associated mass effect. Right parietal region ofencephalomalacia is again noted. Following contrastadministration there is no pathologic enhancement.The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear.MRA of the circle of Willis shows no evidence of intracranialstenosis occlusion or aneurysm. Please note that MRA is notsensitive for detection of aneurysms that the less than 3 mm
IMPRESSION:

1. Well defined hemorrhagic lesion in the sella with suprasellarand parasellar extension and mass effect on the left optic nerve.Differential diagnosis would include a small contained hematoma craniopharyngioma hemorrhagic metastases (less likely). Thecurrent study does not exclude a left internal carotid arteryaneurysm. Hemorrhagic blood products adjacent to the clivus.2. Old right parietal infarct.3. Small vessel disease.4. Normal MRA of the circle of Willis.Case was discussed with Dr. Friedman on 6/16/06 at 9:00 PM.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation