Diseases: ['pneumocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Images degraded by motion artifacts some of the sequences are uninterpretable. Evolving postoperative changes from right sided craniotomy underlying right temporal lobectomy including slightly decreased pneumocephalus with slightly decreased air within the right frontal horn. Extra-axial collection subjacent to craniotomy is redemonstrated measuring approximately 20 mm on image #18 of series 7 with underlying mass effect and leftward midline shift measuring approximately 4-5 mm not significantly changed from yesterday (allowing for differences in technique/modalities). Surgical drain coursing along the right convexity difficult to visualize secondary to motion degradation. On image numbers 80-86 of series 8 there is presence of cytotoxic edema in the right frontal lobe deep to the posterior edge of the craniotomy. Small amount of extra-axial collection likely subdural in location is seen along bilateral convexities anterior interhemispheric fissure see series 7 with thin smooth pachymeningeal enhancement. Decreased ventricular size compared to the prior MRI from September 30 2013 but grossly stable as compared to the most recent postoperative CT from yesterday. The basal cisterns are patent. Chronic lacunar infarcts redemonstrated in the right basal ganglia and bilateral corona radiata. Stable size/configuration and MR morphology of residual suprasellar mass with involvement of the optic chiasm and possibly the left optic nerve and superior extension into the anterior third ventricle suboptimally assessed secondary to differences in technique and motion degradation on this study. Resection cavity in the right temporal lobe with mixed signal intensity contents and surrounding postoperative changes residual signal abnormality of bilateral mesial temporal lobes grossly unchanged. No definite pathologic enhancement. Stable volume loss. Small amount of fluid right mastoid air cells. Paranasal sinuses are well pneumatized.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving postoperative changes from recent right-sided craniotomy for right partial temporal lobectomy intracranial pneumocephalus mass effect and midline shift as described above. 2. Redemonstrated residual enhancing suprasellar tumor and postsurgical changes related to prior resection. 3. Lateral mesial temporal lobes no pathologic enhancement at this time. See above.