Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

The study is markedly degraded by patient motion. The postcontrast images are affected the most. Again seen is the hypothalamic mass with contrast enhancement. The mass has increased in size compared to the prior examination from November 20 2008. On the sagittal images the lesion has increased from 23 x 13 to 29 x 16 mm on similar cuts. It now involves the base of the pituitary stalk. There is high signal in the chiasm and proximal optic tracts as well which could potentially be directly involved vs edema but difficult to ascertain given the motion degraded study. Differential diagnoses include a glioma and craniopharyngioma. Again seen are numerous areas of periventricular T2/FLAIR hyperintensity and also signal abnormality in the bilateral frontal lobes and anteriorly. These are without significant change compared to the prior examination. The T2/FLAIR hyperintense foci in the pons and cerebellar peduncles are also unchanged. At least some of these areas of signal abnormality are likely treatment related. Congenital CMV could also have a similar appearance. The cystic appearing foci in the right temporal basal ganglia and internal capsules are unchanged. Bilateral frontal approach ventriculostomy catheters are seen as before. The ventricles are unchanged in size compared to the prior exam. There is an old hemorrhagic focus vs. thrombosed aneurysm in the right insula/sylvian fissue is unchanged. There is no midline shift. There is no abnormal extra-axial fluid collection. Diffusion weighted imaging does not demonstrate an acute infarct. There is a tiny punctate focus of enhancement in the left cerebral peduncle which appears new. There is thin diffuse dural enhancement. The vertebrobasilar junction appears ectatic. The visualized paranasal sinuses are unremarkable. The mastoid air cells are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Markedly motion degraded exam. 2. Interval increase in size of enhancing hypothalamic mass as described. Imaging differential diagnosis is a glioma or craniopharyngioma. 3. Extensive areas of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity for the most part unchanged. Unchanged cystic appearing foci in the brain. 4. Tiny punctate focus of enhancement in the left cerebellar peduncle difficult to fully evaluate given motion degraded images.