Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma', 'craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

There are post-surgical changes from right craniotomy and craniopharyngioma resection. There is a catheter in place from a right temporal approach terminating in the suprasellar cistern which can be correlated with surgical history. There is mild encephalomalacia in the right frontal lobe and anterior right temporal lobe likely postsurgical. There is mild ex vacuo dilatation of the temporal horn of the right lateral ventricle. Within the suprasellar cistern there is a 1.2 x 1 x 0.8 cm enhancing tissue mass behind the pituitary stalk and abutting the optic chiasm. This could represent granulation tissue but residual or recurrent craniopharyngioma is not excluded and comparison to prior studies is recommended. The pituitary is markedly atrophic. There is also atrophy of the right optic nerve and right aspect of the optic chiasm likely related to prior surgery and/or radiation. There is a small T1 hyperintense focus in the right parietal lobe just off the midline without mass effect and with surrounding hemosiderin in keeping with radiation induced cavernoma. There is T1 hyperintensity likely mineralization in the basal ganglia more than expected for age also in keeping with prior radiation therapy. There is no extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or herniation. There is replacement of marrow secondary to prior radiation.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post-surgical changes from right craniotomy and craniopharyngioma resection. Right temporal approach catheter terminating in the suprasellar cistern which can be correlated with surgical history. 2. Enhancing tissue in the suprasellar cistern abutting the optic chiasm as described. This could represent granulation tissue but residual or recurrent craniopharyngioma is not excluded and comparison to prior studies is recommended. 3. Pituitary atrophy. Atrophy of the right optic nerve and chiasm. 4. Cavernoma in the medial right parietal lobe. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.