Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

There is a 1.6 x 1.5 x 1.6 cm peripherally enhancingpituitary mass with central necrosis. The mass has mildly grownin size from the prior study. The previously measured 1.2 x 1.5 x1.3 cm. The mass displaces the optic chiasm superiorly. There isscalloping of the superior segment of the clivus. The sellaturcica is enlarged. The mass abuts the supraclinoid segment ofthe carotid arteries bilaterally but does not encase them . Itdoes not appear to invade the cavernous sinuses. Differentialdiagnosis includes atypical pituitary macroadenoma. No otherabnormal enhancing lesions are noted.There is no intracranial hemorrhage or acute infarction. DWIimages demonstrate no signal abnormalities. As previouslymentioned there is a nonspecific nonenhancing focus of T2/flairhyperintensity in the left subcortex that remains stable from theprior study. Given the patient's age this may indicate an earlypresentation of either an inflammatory or demanding process.Clinical correlation is recommended.Paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are well pneumatizedbilaterally.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mildly larger peripherally enhancing mass with centralnecrosis within the pituitary gland that may represent atypicalpituitary macroadenoma. However neoplasm cannot be excludedgiven its increasing size.Attending review: I agree with the above with the followingqualifications. To clarify the white matter lesions may be agerelated or inflammatory/ischemic in nature as previouslydescribed. The interval change is slight but the mass does appearif anything to be slightly larger with the effects as describedabove. In particular the extension of the mass anteriorly to theright appears larger. There may be cavernous sinus involvement.Differential diagnosis is as before with a partially cysticmacroadenoma most likely followed by Rathke's cyst and other lesslikely lesions including craniopharyngioma. Short term followup isagain advised.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation