Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

Irregular in thinning appearance of the right frontal bone suggests prior craniotomy. Stable linear enhancement in the floor of the third ventricle and minimally in the upper aspect of the suprasellar cistern in the expected location of the pituitary stalk and slightly heterogeneous nonenhancing septated and anatomical distortion of the suprasellar cistern with deformity of the hypothalamus and probably right more than left optic tract best seen on axial T2 weighted images reflect a combination of postsurgical sequela and potentially minimal residual craniopharyngioma which has not changed since 2009 examination. Thinning of bilateral optic nerves and optic chiasm are stable. There is an empty sella. No evidence of abnormal enhancement or mass lesion of the remaining brain parenchyma. There are scattered FLAIR hyperintensities in the subcortical and deep white matter and pons non specific. Again seen is mild fusiform aneurysmal dilatation of the right supraclinoid internal carotid artery grossly unchanged. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is no restricted diffusion. There is a stable right parietal approach right VP shunt catheter with the tip in the right ventricular body above foramen of Monro. A left parietal approach VP shunt catheter is resent with the tip in the right foramen of Monro. There is a cavum septum pellucidum et vergae. No hydrocephalus. The ventricles and basal cisterns are patent. There is a 17 x 16 mm T2 hyperintense mass in the deep lobe of the right parotid gland at stylomastoid foramen previously 11 x 11 mm demonstrating heterogenous enhancement. Findings likely represents a growing pleomorphic adenoma.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable minimal enhancement in the floor of the third ventricle-hypothalamus as well as nonenhancing septated and anatomical distortion appearance of the suprasellar cistern hypothalamus and probably right more than left optic tract reflecting a combination of postsurgical sequela and potentially minimal residual craniopharyngioma which has not changed since 2009 examination. 2. Interval 6-7 mm increase in size to now 17 x 16 mm of the right parotid gland mass at stylomastoid foramen. Findings likely represents a growing pleomorphic adenoma. 3. Stable bilateral parietal approach VP shunt catheters. No hydrocephalus. 4. Fusiform aneurysmal dilatation of the right supraclinoid ICA grossly stable. Further evaluated with dedicated vascular study recommended. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation