Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There is a large mass measuring 2.3 x 4.1 centimeters (greatest sagittal dimension) x 2 .9 cm (right-left) which involves the sellar and suprasellar regions. The sella is expanded and remodeled and there is a very large suprasellar component extending superior and posterior distorting the third ventricle. The mass is mostly homogeneous in signal intensity and enhancement intermediate intensity on T2-weighted images which may indicate cellularity. There is one focus of slight greater enhancement in the superior aspect of the mass which is also a little more bright on long-TR images. There is apparent extension into the left cavernous sinus with enhancing material extending beyond lateral margin of carotid siphon does not extend beyond the lateral margin on the right however. There is elevation and compression of the optic chiasm. Anterior communicating artery complex is distorted and deflected anteriorly right more than left right A1 poorly visualized. The ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise symmetric and are minimally prominent probably age-appropriate. There is some artifact from likely dental hardware on the one-TR images but no other suspicious foci of abnormal increased or decreased signal intensity. There is a causal thickening right frontal ethmoidal region right ethmoid air cells and right maxillary sinus which is incompletely characterized secondary to dental hardware artifact. There is a small probable meningioma right frontal convexity (series 6 image 21 and series 8 image 18) measures about 5 mm in depth. Except for poor visualization right A1 segment intracranial flow voids are maintained though again note made that the mass is in close proximity to anterior communicating artery complex as noted above.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large sellar/suprasellar mass as detailed above with mass effect on optic chiasm probable invasion left cavernous sinus and less likely invasion on right. Mass is in close proximity to anterior communicating artery complex and cannot exclude at least some encasement especially right A1 segment which is poorly seen. Pattern most consistent with macroadenoma. Craniopharyngioma less likely as are other entities. 2. Small approximately 5 mm dural based nodule right frontal convexity most likely meningioma.