Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

There is a 15 mm (AP) x 13 mm (TR) x 14 (CC) mm cystic mass within the right adenohypophysis expanding the sella bulging into the suprasellar cistern with leftward deviation of the pituitary stalk and leftward displacement of the residual pituitary gland which between the cavernous and supraclinoid segments of the left internal carotid artery likely due to dural tenting. The cavernous sinus does not appear to be involved. The mass approaches but does not come into contact with the left optic chiasm. There is involvement of the sphenoid sinus trip Following contrast administration there is a single linear focus of enhancement in the left aspect of the lesion (image 9 of series 9). The residual pituitary tissue enhances around the lesion. Scattered nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation without evidence of restricted diffusion of enhancement are noted in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage acute ischemia or midline shift. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Expected voids are noted at the skull base. There are changes related to bilateral functional endoscopic sinonasal surgery and obliteration of bilateral frontal sinuses. The previously noted left frontotemporal scalp collection has resolved. There is minimal mucosal thickening in the inferior aspect of the maxillary sinuses and bilateral sphenoid recesses. Air-fluid level is noted in the right sphenoid recess. The mastoid air cells are essentially clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Cystic mass within the right adenohypophysis with a single focus of linear enhancement leftward displacement of the pituitary stalk and residual pituitary gland bulging between the segments of the left internal carotid artery without evidence of cavernous sinus involvement. No evidence of sphenoid sinus involvement or mass effect on the chiasm. Differential considerations include cystic pituitary adenoma or a Rathke's cleft cyst. The intrasellar craniopharyngioma is unlikely. 2. Nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation in the bilateral white matter. 3. Postsurgical and inflammatory changes in the paranasal sinuses.