Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma', 'glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

There are postsurgical changes from bifrontal craniotomy with encephalomalacic changes present in the right gyrus rectus and the high right anterior frontal lobe. There are several areas of abnormal signal in the right posterior branch of the middle cerebral artery territory. For example in the right parietal lobe there is an area of gyral enhancement and abnormal increased intensity on T2-weighted images as well as small focal signal dropout on gradient echo images the latter potentially representing small microbleed. Focus of T2 signal abnormality and enhancement in the precentral gyrus is present uncertain if associated restricted diffusion. Other smaller punctate foci of enhancement are present elsewhere on the right to lesser extent. Finally there is a focus of restricted diffusion in subcortical location in parietal lobe indicating more recent ischemia (less than 10-14 days). Collectively these findings represent multiple infarcts of varying ages (on the order of days to weeks old). MRA images demonstrate at least 50% stenosis of the right cavernous carotid artery (flow gap present on unenhanced MRA but not as prominent on enhanced MRA) which may be secondary to radiation vasculopathy given the clinical history. Mild cerebral volume loss is present and the calvarial marrow is increased in signal intensity on T1-weighted images likely secondary to radiation changes. Another focus of signal dropout on the gradient echo images is present just posterior to the left corpus callosum which may represent another focus of mineralization or prior hemorrhage. There are punctate foci of T2 signal abnormality within the periventricular white matter nonspecific but in the proper clinical setting could be secondary to the sequela small vessel ischemic disease. The partially calcified suprasellar/chiasmatic mass noted on CT examination is incompletely evaluated. Differential diagnosis includes craniopharyngioma and post radiation changes. There is patency of the remaining intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the left intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segements. The is mild narrowing of the internal carotid artery at the bulb without significant stensois. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid left cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent.
IMPRESSION:

1. Findings most consistant with multiple small infarcts of varying ages in the distribution of the posterior branch of the right middle cerebral artery. Age of the infarcts appear to range from several days to several weeks old which correlates with the patient's symptoms. 2. At least 50% focal stenosis and probably greater of the right cavernous internal carotid artery. 4. Incompletely evaluated suprasellar mass. Differential diagnosis includes craniopharyngioma and post treatment changes. History comparison with prior studies and if indicated dedicated MRI of the sella is recommended. Is there definitely a history of glioblastoma? 4. Encephalomalacic changes from bifrontal craniotomies as above. Discussed with Dr. Ortiz at 1148 on 7/23/08.