Diseases: ['meningioma', 'encephalomalacia', 'encephalomalacia', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

Stable changes post right craniotomy and resection of right temporal meningioma without evidence of recurrence. Stable T2/FLAIR signal abnormality within the anteromedial right temporal lobe white matter (series 3 images 12-13) likely represents focal postsurgical encephalomalacia. Unchanged arachnoid cyst adjacent to right temporal lobe encephalomalacia. Stable T2/FLAIR signal abnormality within the inferolateral right frontal lobe (series 3 image 19) probably represents focal postsurgical encephalomalacia as well. This has been present since 11/10/05. However as this involves right frontal cortex this could be an epileptogenic focus. The hippocampi are normal in morphology and signal intensity. The temporal horn of the lateral ventricles are symmetric. There is no focal cortical structural or signal abnormality. There is no intracranial mass. The ventricles and sulci are normal. An unchanged single tiny T2/FLAIR periventricular white matter hyperintensity (series 3 image 19) is nonspecific however probably represents sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. There is no abnormal enhancement in the brain or meninges. The extraaxial spaces are normal. The intracranial flow voids are normal. Mild mucosal thickening within the paranasal sinuses. Status post bilateral cataract surgery.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable changes post right craniotomy and resection of right temporal meningioma without evidence of recurrence. Stable focal postsurgical encephalomalacia within anteromedial right temporal lobe white matter. 2. Stable T2/FLAIR signal abnormality within inferolateral right frontal lobe probably represents focal postsurgical encephalomalacia as well. This has been present since 11/10/05. This could be an epileptogenic focus as this involves right frontal cortex. 3. Normal appearance of the hippocampi. No other structural abnormality to potentially account for the patient's seizures. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with the preliminary report without modification.