Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

In the brain there is focus of hyperintense signal on long TR sequences within the left frontal subcortical to deep white matter. This demonstrates associated susceptibility artifact on axial gradient echo images. Diffusion weighted sequences demonstrate restricted diffusion within this area. This most likely this represents small focus of hemorrhagic contusion. When patient is able completion of the scan with gadolinium is suggested. Bifrontal subdural collections are noted. No definite extra-axial blood is seen in the current MRI. On sagittal T1 weighted sequences (series 2 images 21 and 22) there is hyperintense signal just above the tentorium this is thought to represent venous structure as opposed to blood products. There is opacification of all paranasal sinuses as well as bilateral mastoid air cells. Please refer to CT report for details concerning facial bone fractures. MR angiogram to the head demonstrates patency of the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries. There is some attenuation of the proximal right A1 and proximal right M1 segments this is thought represent artifact as opposed to narrowing. Patency is present of the left A1 and M1 segments. Incidental note is made of normal variant anterior cerebral arteries with 3 anterior cerebral arteries. The basilar artery and posterior cerebral arteries are patent. No focal areas of aneurysm are seen. Please note that MR angiogram is less sensitive for aneurysms less than 5 mm. Note should be made that the left posterior inferior cerebellar artery origin is not imaged and aneurysm in this location cannot entirely excluded. MR angiogram to the neck demonstrates patency of the bilateral common and internal carotid arteries. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. On fat-saturated axial T1 weighted sequences there is crescent of hyperintense signal adjacent to the distal cervical right vertebral artery (series 20 image 25). This likely represents venous structure adjacent to the artery as opposed to dissection. CT angiogram through the neck may be useful for additional clarification. MRI of the cervical spine does demonstrate suggestion of hyperintense signal within the cord particularly at C4 through C7 levels. However this is not seen on the axial fast spin echo T2 weighted sequences. There is some motion artifact on sagittal sequences and the hyperintense signal on sagittal sequences is likely artifactual in nature. Endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube are incidentally noted in place. No definite ligamentous injury is seen. MRI of the thoracic spine demonstrates stable loss of height of T3 and T5 vertebral bodies. T2 weighted sequences demonstrate hyperintense signal along the superior endplate of T5 minimally increased signal along the superior endplate of T3. These likely represent acute to subacute compression fractures. Cord signal is grossly unremarkable. MRI of the lumbar spine demonstrates lobulated T2 hyperintense lesion at T12 and L1 levels. This is extra axial in location along the left and posterior epidural space. There is associated remodeling of the bone. No enhancement is seen post gadolinium it is T1 hypointense. This most likely represents incidental arachnoid cyst. Bilateral T2 hyperintense structures are present in the kidneys correlation with ultrasound recommended. Right-sided pleura-parenchymal changes are present.
IMPRESSION:

1. Lesion in left frontal subcortical to deep white matter which does demonstrate some restricted diffusion. This may represent small contusion. Bilateral frontal subdural collections stable in size from prior CT. When patient is able completion of the scan with gadolinium is suggested.2. Patency of the intracranial circulation. Crescent of hyperintense signal adjacent to distal cervical right vertebral artery which most likely represents venous structure adjacent to the artery as opposed to dissection. However CT angiogram through the neck is suggested for additional evaluation.3. Motion degraded study of the spine with probable artifact on sagittal sequences through the cord. No definite cord abnormality seen on axial sequences. When patient is able to tolerate scan repeat MRI of the cervical spine should be considered.4. Compression fractures likely acute to subacute of T3 and T5 superior endplates stable from prior CT. 5. Incidental arachnoid cyst in the lumbar spine.6. Bilateral T2 hyperintense structures are present in the kidneys correlation with ultrasound recommended.