Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

MRI brain: There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is no acute infarct. Redemonstrated is prominence of the cisterna magna. Probable small arachnoid cyst in the right middle cranial fossa anteriorly. Otherwise there is mild symmetric prominence of the ventricles and sulci reflecting cerebral volume loss. There is a small focal area of encephalomalacia in the paramedian right occipital lobe reflecting prior to the infarct. Redemonstrated old lacunar infarct in the posterior putamen. There are scattered periventricular deep and subcortical white matter T2 and FLAIR hyperintensities nonspecific but most likely representing sequelae of chronic small vessel ischemia. MRI orbits: There is no abnormal mass in the orbits. The globes are normal. There is mucosal thickening in the maxillary sinuses left greater than right with a small retention cyst or polyp inferiorly in the left maxillary sinus. There is partial opacification of the ethmoid air cells with continued opacification in the left posterior ethmoid region similar to prior CT. Small retention cyst in the right sphenoid sinus. MRA: MRA redemonstrates severe short segment stenosis of the P2 segment of the right PCA with preserved flow more distally. Again noted is fenestration of the right A1 segment a normal variant. There is mild narrowing and irregularity of the left M1 segment likely related to atherosclerotic changes without significant stenosis. Otherwise there is patency of the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There is no intracranial aneurysm. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarct. Small old infarcts in the paramedian right occipital lobe and posterior right putamen. 2. Redemonstrated short segment severe stenosis of the P2 segment of the right PCA. 3. Normal MRI of the orbits. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.