Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There is a moderate acute infarction of the right precentral sulcus. There are additional tiny acute infarcts more medially along the motor strip. There are foci of increased T2/FLAIR signal in the periventricular and subcortical white matter likely sequelae of chronic ischemia. Small focus of hemorrhage in the left parietal lobe again visualized. There are additional foci of susceptibility artifact in the left parietal region extending to the posterosuperior left temporal lobe. The smaller foci all likely represent microhemorrhages. Thin linear FLAIR hyperintensity in the occipital regions is likely secondary to prominent vascularity. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Mild diffuse volume loss. There is no pathologic enhancement. Left ventricular 4.4 x 2.6 cm cyst likely an arachnoid cyst or choroid plexus cyst. There is patent intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis. There is no intracranial aneurysm . Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis. Bovine configuration of the aortic arch a normal variant.
IMPRESSION:

1. Moderate sized acute infarction of the right precentral gyrus with additional punctate infarcts of the medial motor strip. 2. Stable small left parietal hemorrhage with microhemorrhages in the adjacent left parietal region. 2. No stenosis occlusion or aneurysm of the intracranial arteries. 3. Patent neck vasculature. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.