Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'encephalitis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

. There has been interval development of abnormal T2 signal in the medial left frontal lobe. This is not associated with restricted diffusion or enhancement. There is no significant mass effect. Less striking is subtle gyriform T2 hyperintensity involving the left temporal lobe insular cortex parietal lobe and pulvinar of the thalamus. These images demonstrate a small left hippocampus which likely reflects encephalomalacia. There is diffuse mild dural enhancement which may be related to patient's neuro sarcoid. Incidental note is again made of a developmental venous anomaly in the left frontal lobe. Stable small arachnoid cyst in the anterior left temporal region. Cerebral volume loss is greater than expected for age but stable from previous examination. Gradient echo images are negative for susceptibility artifact. The orbital contents are grossly unremarkable. Mucosal thickening is in the ethmoid air cells and left maxillary sinus. There appears to be increased signal in the globus pallidus on the T1 weighted imaging. This finding has been related to treatment with TPN and and liver disease. Clinical correlation is suggested in this regard. This however does not reflect a new finding and similar changes were evident on the study of October 2006.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval development of abnormal T2 signal involving both the white and gray matter in the left frontal lobe that is not associated with restricted diffusion. Although this appearance may be seen in subacute evolving infarcts the lack of asymmetric weakness in the right lower extremity or clinical suspicion for infarct (per discussion with covering housestaff) the differential diagnosis would include cortical edema secondary to seizures and encephalitis. This seems unlikely to be a reflection of sarcoid. 2. Bright globus pallidus see above. I wonder does the patient have any history of liver disease. 3. Diffuse patchy meningeal enhancement. This may be a feature of sarcoid but in light of the parenchymal findings I wonder if this could be a reflection of underlying encephalitis with meningitis. Results were discussed with and acknowleged by Dr. Raser at 11:30 pm on 7/10/07.