Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Right parietal approach ventriculostomy passes through lateral ventricle on the right to midline anteriorly in the interhemispheric fissure. There is encephalomalacia right frontal region and evidence of prior frontoparietal craniotomy associated minimal ex vacuo dilatation right lateral ventricle. The normal increased intensity on T2-weighted and FLAIR images along the course of the catheter. Ventricles are otherwise nearly symmetric temporal horns are only slightly prominent and probably not dilated. Note is however made of 7 mm diameter T1-bright focus centered at the foramina of Monro which appears stable in size compared to CT where a similar-appearing dense focus was evident cannot accurately assess for degree of enhancement given T1-bright signal. Note is also made of prominent pituitary gland prominence of dural venous sinuses and diffuse dural thickening such as intracranial hypotension may be present. Cerebellar tonsils remain above the foramen magnum and no convincing sagging of the brainstem at this time. On this gradient echo/susceptibility weighted series there are small foci of susceptibility along the occipital horns which may represent small microplate of uncertain chronicity but these are relatively few in number and no other convincing similar foci are appreciated. No other abnormal foci of increased or decreased signal intensity. No acute findings on diffusion-weighted images. No suspicious leptomeningeal signal abnormality or enhancement to suggest meningitis no abnormal parenchymal enhancement. Bone marrow is abnormal decreased intensity on T1-weighted images clivus and upper cervical spine with relative sparing of calvaria but this could be related to the patient's known AML.
IMPRESSION:

1. 7 mm T1-bright focus centered at foramina of Monro cannot assess for enhancement in this light but stable appearance compared to October 22 2013 CT. Favor colloid cyst hemorrhagic focus associated with AML not excluded but correlate with surgical history. 2. Encephalomalacia right frontal lobe indicates prior surgery perhaps for the same lesion right ventriculostomy catheter stable in position since prior CT. Note is made of early findings of intracranial hypotension correlate for intracranial hypotension which could be related to shunt but could also be related to at least 2 recent lumbar punctures; however no convincing abnormal leptomeningeal abnormality to suggest meningitis. 3. Abnormal appearance bone marrow clivus and upper cervical spine possibly reflecting patient's known AML. 4. Small foci of abnormal susceptibility adjacent to occipital horns may represent micro-bleeds but relatively few in number and could be related to platelet abnormalities in the setting of AML age uncertain but no frank hematoma or mass effect.