Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

Centered within the third ventricle is a lesionmeasuring 2.7 cm AP by 3.0 cm TRV x 3.2 cm CC. The majority ofthis lesion is T1 isointense to gray matter and T2 hyperintense.Within the postero-inferior aspect of this lesion is a 8 mm AP by8 mm TRV by 9 mm CC nodule. This nodule is intrinsicly T1hyperintense T2 dark without appreciable enhancement ongadolinium enhanced sequences. This nodule may represent a focalcollection of blood products within the lesion. There is a thinrim of enhancement around lesion. No significant vasogenic edemais noted around the mass. There is associated dilatation of thelateral ventricles with increased T2 hyperintensity notedparticularly along the periventricular white matter around thefrontal horns of the lateral ventricles. This may representtransependymal flow of CSF. The optic chiasm and optic tracts areunremarkable. The pituitary stalk and pituitary gland itself arenormal. On perfusion sequence there is no evidence of increasedrCBV along the rim of the lesion or within the lesion. The 8 mmnodule within the lesion cannot be accurately evaluated withperfusion due to its inherent T2 hypointensity. Differentialdiagnosis includes neoplastic etiologies such as an atypicaladamantinous craniopharyngioma atypical colloid cyst atypicalRathke's cleft cyst or an exophytic hypothalamic glioma.Infectious etiologies can also be considered such asneurocysticercosis or echinococcal cyst.The remainder of the cerebrum demonstrates normal gray matter andgray/white differentiation. The white matter is normal in signal.The thalami and basal ganglia are unremarkable. No abnormalitiesare seen in the midbrain pons medulla. Both cerebellarhemispheres are normal in signal.The extra axial spaces are normal without evidence of mass orblood. The vascular flow voids are unremarkable. The bonycalvarium is intact. The orbits are unremarkable. The sinusesand mastoid air cells demonstrates no abnormalities. Thevisualized pharynx and parapharyngeal soft tissues are normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mass centered in the third ventricle as described. This iscausing lateral ventricular dilatation bilaterally. Differentialdiagnosis includes neoplastic etiologies such as an atypicaladamantinous craniopharyngioma atypical colloid cyst atypicalRathke's cleft cyst or an exophytic hypothalamic glioma.Infectious etiologies can also be considered such asneurocysticercosis or echinococcal cyst.2. No increased rCBV along the rim of the lesion on perfusionmaps.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation