Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'gliosis']
FINDINGS:

Some images are degraded by patient motion especially the MRA. Redemonstrated are surgical changes consistent with prior right frontal craniotomy. There is persistent encephalomalacia within the right frontal lobe with surrounding gliosis and proportionate ex-vacuo dilatation of the ventricular system unchanged since prior examination. Some susceptibility artifact is again identified in the right frontal encephalomalacic cavity consistent with prior hemorrhage. Susceptibility artifact is also identified within the posterior body and splenium of the corpus callosum. There is a small stable focus of encephalomalacia within the right cerebellum with associated susceptibility. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collection. Evaluation for acute infarct is limited due to the absence of diffusion weighted imaging (sequence could not be performed due to the presence of a vagus nerve stimulator). Lobulated mucosal thickening is seen in bilateral maxillary sinuses and to a lesser extent in bilateral ethmoid and sphenoid sinuses. Bilateral mastoids appear unremarkable. The intracranial portions of the internal carotid arteries demonstrate gross patency. There is gross patency of the proximal aspects of the bilateral anterior and middle cerebral arteries however evaluation of the distal branches is limited by significant artifacts. The intracranial portions of the vertebral arteries and basilar artery demonstrate gross patency. The bilateral superior cerebellar and posterior cerebral arteries are visualized but appear diminutive possibly due to technique. There are no regions of focal stenosis or large aneurysm formation within the limitations of technique. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute intracranial abnormality within the limitations of technique. 2. Right frontal encephalomalacia old blood products and surrounding gliosis as detailed above. 3. MRA is extremely limited from artifacts as detailed above. No gross proximal vascular occlusion noted. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.