Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes status post right parietal craniotomy intraventricular mass is been resected and there is volume loss with surrounding abnormal signal intensity right parietal lobe appears somewhat porencephalic. The surrounding signal abnormality is similar in extent but more likely glial cyst as opposed to edema on the prior study. No abnormal enhancement or residual enhancing mass is evident in the atrium of the right lateral ventricle. There is a dural-based extra-axial mass left cerebellopontine angle with enhancement extending into the left internal auditory canal. The configuration is similar to the prior study best appreciated on coronal images but there does appear to be increasing enhancement within the internal auditory canal itself as compared to prior wall the bulk of the mass in the CP angle is similar with about 6-mm thickness on coronal images. Pattern is consistent with meningioma. Mild smooth diffuse dural enhancement is seen over right greater than left frontoparietal convexities possibly treatment-related. No other enhancing foci. The ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise nearly symmetric and minimally prominent overall top normal for stated age of 74 and probably not markedly changed. There are no intra-axial enhancing masses or subarachnoid space enhancement to suggest intracranial metastatic disease. No acute findings on diffusion-weighted images. Scattered small white matter hyperintensities are mild in extent increasing or simply better visualized on the current study performed at 3 T compared to prior study a 1.5 Tesla with lower resolution nonspecific and not unusual for age. Bony structures within normal limits except for scattered inflammatory changes paranasal sinuses and postsurgical changes on the right.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post resection intraventricular mass on the right no convincing residual enhancement atrium right lateral ventricle compared to February 16 2007. 2. Left cerebellopontine angle extra axial mass with increasing enhancement internal auditory canal but similar volume of homogeneously enhancing tissue and similar degree of mass-effect which is minimal. Pattern most consistent with meningioma. 3. No abnormal enhancing lesions to suggest intracranial metastatic disease.