Diseases: ['cysticercosis', 'aneurysm', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Within the fourth ventricle and there are two discrete rim enhancing lesions the dominant lesion is in the left posterolateral aspect of the fourth ventricle measuring 6 mm and the smaller lesion is in the right anterolateral aspect of the fourth ventricle measuring approximately 4 mm. On FLAIR imaging there is persistent hyperintensity within these lesions which may reflect proteinaceous contents. There is no appreciable mass effect from these lesions. Punctate 2 mm T1 hyperintensity is noted at the level of the left foramen of Monroe with suggestion of susceptibility which may represent a small colloid cyst or less likely tiny lipoma; there is no evidence of ventriculomegaly. There are no extra-axial fluid collections. There is no restricted diffusion. No focal regions of cerebral edema or mass effect. Intracranial vascular flow voids are maintained. Mild maxillary and ethmoidal mucosal changes. Few scattered adenoidal mucous retention cyst. Orbits are unremarkable. Imaged calvarial marrow signal is within normal limits. Time-of-flight MRA demonstrates patent intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis. No intracranial aneurysm is detected. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. Right posterior communicating artery is not confidently seen. Left posterior communicating artery appears fetal in origin. Vertebral basilar system is left dominant
IMPRESSION:

1. Two subcentimeter cystic peripherally enhancing lesions within the fourth ventricle largest measuring 6 mm on the left posterolateral aspect of the fourth ventricle. Leading differential considerations would include choroid plexus cysts versus xanthogranulomas versus less likely infectious cystic lesion such as cysticercosis. A cystic glial neoplasm is thought to be unlikely. An aneurysm is thought to be unlikely given the lack of flow related enhancement on MRA. A CT angiogram would be somewhat more sensitive for definitive characterization if there is ongoing clinical concern for an intracranial aneurysm. 2. Punctate lesion noted at the left foramen of Monroe which demonstrates T1 shortening concerning for a tiny colloid cyst. There is no evidence of ventriculomegaly at this time. Neurosurgical consultation should be considered. 3. Overall unremarkable MRA. *ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: The lesion described above situated near the foramen of Monroe measures less than 2 mm in diameter. It is T1 hyperintense T2 hypointense demonstrates mild susceptibility and demonstrates no significant enhancement. The lesion is in the medial left lateral ventricle adjacent to the left fornix and does not appear to represent a risk for obstruction of CSF flow; it likely represents a small cavernous malformation.