Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There is substantial artifact from the programmable shunts limits diffusion and gradient echo sequences significantly. The posterior fossa and much of posterior supratentorial brain cannot be evaluated for infarct on diffusion weighted images due to artifact and the study is limited for the evaluation of small areas of acute ischemia. Two shunt catheters remain in place as well as one fragment grossly unchanged and better evaluated on the prior head CT from 8/25/12. There are nearly confluent areas of T2 hyperintensity in the white matter bilaterally grossly unchanged. In the superior aspect of the left frontal lobe there are encephalomalacic and likely postoperative changes stable. The T1-bright mass most consistent with colloid cyst at the foramen of Monro remains stable in appearance. There is no acute intra-or extra-axial hemorrhage subject to same limitations as diffusion imaging however. The ventricles and sulci are mildly enlarged temporal horns nondilated. There dural thickening with diffuse dural enhancement and minimal extraaxial fluid grossly unchanged and likely at least partly reactive related to chronic subdural collections. There is no mass-effect or midline shift. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarcts within limits of degraded study with regard to diffusion weighted and gradient echo imaging resulting from artifact and distortions related to programmable shunt catheters. The settings on the programmable shunts should be evaluated post-MRI to insure proper settings retained. 2. Stable appearance of probable colloid cyst at the foramen of Monro 3. Diffuse moderate dural thickening with and enhancement likely reactive related to chronic subdural hematoma but pachymeningitis could have this appearance. Prominence of extraaxial spaces on CT is concordant but dural thickening seems more prominent than extraaxial fluid on MRI study. 4. The patient has an implanted pacemaker or defibrillator. Informed consent was obtained and patient monitoring was performed according to standard departmental procedures for MRI of patients with implanted devices. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation