Diseases: ['gliosis', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

3.2 x 4.1-cm (transverse) mass left inferior frontal lobe extending into frontal operculum abnormal increased intensity on T2 weighted images is noted in periventricular white matter around frontal horn primarily posterior and extending superiorly into middle and superior frontal gyri; however there is also prominence of the frontal horn of the left lateral ventricle indicating ex vacuo dilatation. The mass appears to be a primarily cystic lesion but there is also internal architecture with septations in a somewhat stellate pattern including nodular enhancement centrally within the cavity. T2-dark layering material may represent blood products within the cavity rim is fairly thin and T2-dark slightly T1-bright nonenhancing. No nodular enhancement in the periphery no abnormal enhancement elsewhere in the brain. Pattern is similar to outside comparison April 24. Structural images are partly limited by distortion artifact over face which extends to the orbits and inferior frontal regions related to unremovable dental hardware. This is especially problematic for advanced imaging studies including diffusion tensor imaging and bolus contrast perfusion-weighted imaging where most of the mass is obscured by the artifact. Portions of the cystic appearing mass can be seen on diffusion-weighted images and do not show marked restricted diffusion internally in cavity. Bolus contrast perfusion-weighted series are markedly limited as a result of the artifact and cannot be interpreted although there does appear to be at least some susceptibility in rim of mass. Dynamic contrast enhanced data set also acquired this technique less affected by artifact. The nodular enhancing focus internal to cystic mass shows increased permeability and mild increased plasma volume but rim and surrounding signal abnormality do not show abnormal increased permeability or plasma volume. Intermediate TE spectroscopy was performed which shows mostly noisy spectrum with globally low metabolites within the cystic portion of the mass no marked elevation in choline outside of the mass no clearly defined succinate peak but quality limited by artifact from dental hardware and results are unreliable. Just under 10-mm probable pineal cyst nonspecific and probably unrelated. Functional MRI: The patient understood instructions and felt she was able to perform the tasks adequately. Monitoring of real-time studies showed potential left frontal activation but were difficult to interpret secondary to dental artifact which limits evaluation in the region of the mass. No excessive motion on quality control status of postprocessing. On the verb generation task activation was appreciated left frontal operculum between the pars triangularis and opercularis but nothing anterior to this point where images cannot be interpreted secondary to dental artifact. Additional activation prefrontal and premotor regions was identified as well as some receptive activation near apex of sylvian fissure. Within these limits favor left dominant language. Sentence completion task showed a similar but less robust activation in these areas picture naming task showed left frontal opercular activation but even more limited by susceptibility artifact.
IMPRESSION:

1. Cystic-appearing defined intraaxial mass left frontal lobe with surrounding signal abnormality concerning for gliosis less likely edema as there is volume loss with ex vacuo dilatation frontal horn left lateral ventricle associated and fluid-fluid level within the cavity suggestive of blood layering dependently. Signal intensity elsewhere the cavity does not follow CSF on FLAIR images but it also does not show restricted diffusion. Cannot verify this is a neoplastic focus though there is a central enhancing nodule with increased permeability and blood volume within the cavity such that neoplasm is possible and perhaps complicated by evolving hemorrhage. No convincing signs specific for infection but atypical lesion not excluded however pattern not typical for things like cysticercosis. Prior trauma or hematoma with central enhancing scar or perhaps vascular malformation or cavernoma possible but not typical and in general many series limited by dental artifact as detailed above. The pattern is similar to the outside comparison study but more distant studies would be most helpful if available. 2. Bolus contrast perfusion imaging diffusion tensor imaging and spectroscopy are limited by extensive dental artifact. This also limits functional MRI although there was apparent left dominant language activation as detailed above including frontal operculum; however cannot assess language anteriorly adjacent to mass secondary to dental artifact. Correlate with awake mapping if feasible. Findings discussed with Eileen Macmurtrie 5/2/2012 acknowleged.