Diseases: ['schwannoma', 'schwannoma']
FINDINGS:

Left suboccipital and retromastoid craniectomy/cranioplasty again noted. There is no mass or abnormal enhancement in the surgical bed to suggest residual or recurrent mass. Mild distortion with some associated abnormal signal/ enhancement along the cisternal portions of cranial nerves 7 and 8 and in the porus acousticus is most likely related to post surgical changes. There is loculated CSF in the left posterior fossa between the mastoid and left cerebellar hemisphere likely adhesion related with mass effect on the cerebellar folia but no midline shift or fourth ventricle distortion. There is very minimal edema in the left cerebellar folia. The transverse and sigmoid sinuses are patent. In the right CP angle cistern adjacent to the middle cerebellar peduncle and the right 5th cranial nerve there is an ovoid 6 x 7 mm mass best seen on image 37 of series 7. The mass is non-enhancing does not completely saturate on FLAIR and is most conspicuous on CISS. On diffusion the mass is not restricting but may be partially volume averaged due to its small size and the low resolution of the sequence and may also be subject to local magnetic field variation from nearby bone. Retrospectively this mass is visible on the FLAIR sequence of MRI from January 4 2011 and is unchanged. Favor that this may represent a small epidermoid cyst or a minimally complicated arachnoid cyst. Schwannoma is unlikely given the lack of enhancement but purely cystic/ atypical schwannomas remain a possibility. There is no evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or infarct. There is no hydrocephalus. Cerebral volume is age-appropriate. The basal cisterns are patent. Major intracranial flow voids are present. Calvarial marrow signal is normal. The orbits are unremarkable. The paranasal sinuses are clear. No mass abnormal signal or abnormal enhancement is seen in the right internal auditory canal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post resection of left cerebellopontine angle cistern cystic schwannoma. Mild distortion with some associated abnormal signal/ enhancement along the cisternal portions of cranial nerves 7 and 8 and in the porus acousticus is most likely related to post surgical changes. No residual mass. 2. Small extraaxial loculated CSF collection in the left posterior fossa with minimal mass effect on the cerebellar folia. 3. Small nonenhancing right cerebellopontine angle lesion (7 mm) is non-specific with possibilities including: an epidermoid cyst or complicated arachnoid cyst. Purely cystic/ atypical schwannoma remains a possibility. Recommend follow up imaging in 6-12 months with IAC protocol including CISS or equivalent sequence. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.