Diseases: ['cysticercosis']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated is a small focus with complete ring enhancement in a left posterior temporal/occipital subcortical location enhancing part shows a slight increased intensity on precontrast T1-weighted images follows fluid intensity in center and there is minimal susceptibility in the enhancing rim as well. There is a moderate amount of increased intensity on the long-TR images surrounding this lesion for its size which extends to margin of lateral ventricle and is in proximity to optic radiations. Minimal mass effect on lateral ventricle but no midline shift or substantial global mass effect. The enhancing part measures about 8-9 mm in diameter and appears fairly well defined and thickness of enhancement inferomedial (ventricular side) aspect of lesion thinner than more peripheral enhancing rim. No other convincing lesions are appreciated. Diffusion in central part of lesion is facilitated as is signal abnormality outside enhancing margins. Comparing to recent outside studies pattern is similar. Incidentally noted is persistent trigeminal artery on right anatomic variant. Spectroscopy at short and intermediate TE showed no suspicious elevation in choline or depression NAA relative to creatine or compared to the contralateral brain with caveat that the enhancing part of the lesion is small and partial volume effects may occur. There are some areas with minimal lipid/lactate peaks identified (e.g. series 108). There is mildly increased blood volume correlating to the enhancing rim of the medial lesion about 2 times contralateral white matter nonspecific. Mild ethmoidal mucosal thickening probable small retention cyst in the left sphenoid sinus. The visualized mastoid air cells are clear. Diffusion tensor MRI: motion degradation limits detail (involuntary coughing). Tractography was thus not supplied as reliable fiber tracking was suboptimal. Color FA maps are provided and show optic radiations near hyperintense signal surrounding enhancing lesion. Functional MRI: Tasks presented to patient included passive listening (story read forward/back receptive) word generation with letter prompt (expressive) and word lists versus tones (judgment). The patient could perform all tasks but did have some difficulty hearing the passive listening task though still able to answer questions about the story on completion. All tasks had some motion degradation due to involuntary cough and the judgment task showed excessive motion on fMRI quality control check and was thus not further utilized. The receptive language task showed activation along left greater than right superior temporal sulcus on right primarily anterior to lesion. Low threshold was needed to display activation however and there is some activation on the task in cortex posterolateral to enhancing focus (series 601 image 100-105). The word generation task showed left greater than right inferior frontal lobe and also prefrontal and premotor regions but no convincing robust activation in proximity to enhancing focus.
IMPRESSION:

1. 8-9mm ring-enhancing focus with slightly T1-bright rim also with minimal susceptibility left subcortical occipital/posterior temporal region with moderate surrounding signal abnormality most suggestive of edema exerting minimal mass effect on adjacent lateral ventricle. Center of enhancing ring shows fluid intensity and diffusion centrally is increased. No other lesions. 2. Blood volume minimally increased (about 2x) in enhancing rim but not peripheral to this nonspecific. 3. Spectroscopy shows minimal lipid/lactate associated with enhancing focus but metabolites do not show a clearly neoplastic spectrum. 4. Functional MRI shows left language dominance with some language activation in cortex near subcortical enhancing lesion but most of the receptive task activation is more anterior along superior temporal sulcus. fMRI in general was suboptimal due to involuntary motion (coughing). Note that not all activating foci are absolutely eloquent but lack of activation also does not necessarily indicate lack of function. Interpretable functional maps including STEALTH compatible maps were uploaded to PACS. 5. Accounting for age conventional imaging findings and advanced imaging findings favor non-neoplastic lesion such as infectious inflammatory. With travel history consider cysticercosis and recommend follow up in about 2-3 weeks depending on other clinical/laboratory findings. Neoplasm is much less likely though not excluded with mild but not striking increase in relative blood volume which can also be seen in inflammatory/infectious processes. Preliminary findings discussed with Dr. Koch in neurosurgery 0800 hours and subsequent final interpretation was concordant and also discussed with Dr. Koch in neurosurgery 1100 hours 12/21/2011 acknowledged. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.