Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

There is increased distance bilaterally between the lateral massesof the C1 and C2 vertebral bodies approximately 6-8 mm. This isassociated with prevertebral edema as well as fluid within thearticular spaces. On the STIR sequence there is extensive edemain the posterior ligaments between the posterior ring of C1 andthe spinous process of C2 with extension superiorly over theoccipital condyles and inferiorly into the posterior paraspinalsoft tissues. Inferiorly there is more focal soft tissue edemaposterior to the T2-T3 vertebral bodies with abnormal T2 signalextending through the intraspinous ligament at this level.Interestingly the overall alignment of the cervical spine iswithin normal limits.The level of the C1-C2 articulation there is abnormal T2prolongation within the substance of the cord/cervicomedullaryjunction. The cord does not appear compressed at this level.From C5-T2 there appears to be fusiform expansion of the anteriorepidural space. This follows CSF on all pulse sequences andlikely reflects either prominent CSF space or epidural effusion.The cord through this level is closely apposed to the ligamentumflavum but not deformed or abnormal in signal.The overall volume of the brain appears normal. The expectedarterial and venous flow voids are demonstrated. On both the T1and T2 sequences there are multifocal regions predominately inthe convexities where the gray white differentiation is somewhatobscured. This is not associated with mass effect or convincingdiffusion restriction. Scattered bilateral subarachnoidhemorrhage is present as well as blood along the tentoriumcerebelli in the fourth ventricle and cisterna magna. The trackof the prior intracranial pressure monitor is noted in the rightfrontal lobe with slight susceptibility from postprocedural bloodproducts. The gradient recalled echo sequence is otherwise clear which argues against extensive diffuse axonal injury. Followinggadolinium administration there is mild diffuse leptomeningealenhancement likely due to the prior intracranial pressure deviceinsertion/removal.There is an endotracheal tube in place. Fluid and/or blood isseen layering in the nasopharynx and oropharynx. Incidental noteis made of an 11 X 9 mm T2 hyperintense nodule in the left lobe ofthe thyroid gland. This can be evaluated by ultrasound when thepatients status improves. There is a right-sided pleural effusionpresent.Scattered opacification (left greater than right of mastoid aircells is noted. There are fluid levels with mild mucosalthickening in the bilateral maxillary and sphenoid sinuses.The origins of the common carotid and vertebral arteries arevisualized and unremarkable. No hemodynamically significantstenoses are identified. The carotid and vertebral arteries arenormal in caliber and course. The fat saturated axial T1 seriesdemonstrates no evidence of arterial dissection.
IMPRESSION:

1. C1-C2 subluxation/dislocation with significant soft tissueinjury and ligamentous injury posteriorly as described. Wideningof the bilateral C1-C2 lateral mass articulations. At this level abnormal T2 prolongation within the cervical cord/cervicomedullaryjunction most likely reflects contusion. T2 signal within theinferior aspect of C2 vertebral body is secondary to the knownendplate fracture.2. More focal soft tissue edema posterior to the upper thoracicspine with probable ligamentous injury of the T2-T3 intraspinousligament. No malalignment of the cervical spine orcervicothoracic junction on the sagittal views.3. Prominent anterior CSF versus fusiform epidural effusion fromC5 through T2.4. No convincing evidence of diffuse axonal injury. Scatteredobscurity of the gray white differentiation over the convexitiesmay reflect an element of cerebral edema. No significant cerebralswelling. No diffusion restriction.5. Diffuse subarachnoid intraventricular and tentorialhemorrhage.6. Unremarkable MRI of the neck. No evidence of arterialdissection.The above findings with regards to the cervical spine injury andcord contusion were discussed with Dr. Greg Heuer of theneurosurgical service on the 20th 2005 at 10:20 PM.Attending