Diseases: ['contusion', 'hematoma', 'contusion', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

The examination is degraded by patient motion. There is restricted diffusion in the splenium of the corpus callosum (left greater than right) and in the right posterolateral ponto-mesencephalic junction. No magnetic susceptibility to suggest blood products is seen in either locations callosal injury likely shear injury while the dorsal midbrain focus may represent shear or contusion. At least 3 small foci of T2 prolongation and facilitated diffusion are noted in the centrum semiovale bilaterally (left greater than right) likely representing foci of shearing injury. The larger of the left-sided lesions demonstrates T1 shortening and faint magnetic susceptibility in keeping with blood identified on CT. There is redemonstration of the right subdural hematoma along the right temporo-occipital cerebral convexity extending into the tentorium cerebelli. Superficial cortical and subcortical mixed signal intensity the right temporal lobe in keeping with hemorrhagic contusion and edema is stable with unchanged mass effect on the temporal horn of the right lateral ventricle and mild medialization of the T2 hyperintense uncus of the right temporal lobe question additional contusion. There is better delineation of small subdural hematoma along the left occipital convexity. Bilateral sulcal hyperintensities over the vertex on the FLAIR images consistent with small amount of subarachnoid hemorrhage. Tract of left frontal intracranial pressure monitor is noted. Opacification is noted in the bilateral mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities. The opacity in the left mastoid is hyperintense on T1-weighted images likely representing blood. There is also T1/T2 prolongation within the opacified sphenoid sinus likely representing blood.. The orbits are unremarkable. In particular there is no gross expansion of the cavernous sinuses or the superior ophthalmic veins. MRA images are degraded by patient motion. No definite aneurysms or vascular malformations. No MRA features to suggest a carotid cavernous fistula.
IMPRESSION:

1. Restricted diffusion in the splenium of corpus callosum and right posterolateral ponto-mesencephalic junction associated with at least 3 foci of signal abnormality in the white matter of the centrum semiovale bilaterally (left greater than right) also in keeping with shearing injuries. The larger of the left sided lesion is hemorrhagic. Findings are in keeping with diffuse axonal injury although the dorsal midbrain lesion could represent contusion or shear injury. 2. Redemonstration of right subdural hematoma and right temporal contusion. 3. Small left subdural hematoma and bilateral subarachnoid hemorrhage over the vertex. 4. Essentially unremarkable though minimally motion degraded MRA no evidence of carotid cavernous fistula. If there remains high clinical concern for carotid cavernous fistula CTA could be considered but would also not be definitive conventional angiography would be definitive. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.