Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

MRI Brain: Multiple punctate hemorrhagic foci in bilateral cerebral hemispheres predominantly in the subcortical and pericallosal distribution most prominent at the left callosal splenium (image 22 series 12) and a single focus in the medial left thalamus. No lesions noted infratentorially. Findings compatible with diffuse axonal injury. No significant mass-effect. No acute infarct. Layering intraventricular hemorrhage in the occipital horns. The ventricles and sulci are age-appropriate. The basal cisterns are patent. Diffuse subgaleal hematoma. The calvarium is normal. The orbits are normal. Opacification of the posterior nasal canal is patent nasopharynx with fluid in the paranasal sinuses likely secondary to intubation. MR Cervical Spine: The cervical vertebrae are normal in height. There is anatomic alignment of the cervical spine. No destructive marrow lesions are identified. Mild edema noted at the right C7 transverse process and superior facet secondary to nondisplaced fracture at this location better appreciated on CT. Modic type 2 changes involving the end plates of T2 and T3. Moderate multilevel cervical spondylotic changes with degenerative endplate changes loss of disk height and posterior bulging with associated osteophyte complex uncovertebral joint hypertrophy and facet hypertrophy with ligamentum flavum thickening. Posterior disk osteophyte complex mildly indents the ventral thecal sac at C3-4 C5-6 C6-7 and T2/3 without significant canal stenosis. Neural foramina are patent at all levels. No definite ligamentous injury. Small right apical hemothorax. Minimal left apical hemothorax.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple subcortical pericallosal callosal and thalamic punctate hemorrhagic foci consistent with diffuse axonal injury. No significant mass-effect. 2. Small intraventricular hemorrhage without hydrocephalus unchanged allowing for difference in modality. 3. Nondisplaced C7 right transverse process and superior facet fracture better appreciated on CT. No definite evidence of ligamentous injury. Patent cervical canal. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.