Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

BRAIN: Again noted are post-traumatic hemorrhagic contusions of the bilateral temporal lobes and left frontal lobe laterally. There are scattered foci of susceptibility throughout the left greater than right centrum semiovale and left cerebellum in keeping with diffuse axonal injury. There is no significant mass effect or midline shift. There is no restricted diffusion. Cerebral volume is age appropriate. There is persistent cerebellar tonsillar ectopia. A right periventricular developmental venous anomaly is seen. Again noted is complete opacification of the sphenoid sinuses. There is moderate mucosal thickening of the right maxillary bilateral ethmoid air cells and left frontal sinus as well as mild mucosal thickening of the left maxillary sinus. There is complete opacification of the mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities. A naso-oral route tube is present. ORBITS: Evaluation is concerning for increased tissue possibly contusion and blood products is the left orbital apex superior orbital fissure and ventral left ventral cavernous sinus see images 10 and 11 of series 16. Also suggested on the coronal images is increased tissue in the extraconal compartment of the left lacrimal gland and tracking along the left lateral rectus muscle which also appears mildly thickened see images 7-9 of series 12 there may reflect blood products/edema related to the extensive lateral orbital wall fractures. There may be a small amount of dirty fat in the extraconal compartment of the superior orbits right greater than left. SPINE: The cervical vertebrae are normal in alignment. There is no focal signal abnormality within the marrow. Diffuse T1 marrow hypointensity may be technial in etiology related to 3T imaging; correlate clinically. The cervical spinal cord is normal in size and signal characteristics. C4-5: Small central disc protrusion. Mild spinal canal stenosis however no neural foraminal narrowing. C5-6: Right paracentral disc protrusion. Mild spinal canal stenosis however no neural foraminal narrowing. C6-7: Broad-based disc protrusion resulting in spinal canal stenosis and mild neural foraminal narrowing. Superimposed right paracentral disc extrusion extending cephalad subligamentously posterior to the C6 vertebral body indenting the ventral thecal sac and contacting the underlying cord. There is a small amount of retropharyngeal fluid.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post traumatic hemorrhagic contusions of the bilateral temporal and left frontal lobes. Evidence of hemorrhagic shear injury left greater than right. No significant mass or midline shift. Cerebral volume unchanged. 2. No retrobulbar mass or hematoma. Increased tissue possibly contusion and blood products in the left orbital apex superior orbital fissure and ventral left ventral cavernous sinus is suggested see images 10 and 11 of series 16. There is increased tissue in the extraconal compartment of the left lacrimal gland and tracking along the left lateral rectus muscle which also appears mildly thickened see images 7-9 of series 12 that may reflect blood products/edema related to the extensive lateral orbital wall fractures. There may be a small amount of dirty fat in the extraconal compartment of the superior orbits right greater than left. 3. Mild increased signal intensity is seen in the interspinous ligaments at C6/C7 4. Multilevel spondylotic change most pronounced at C6-7 where there is a broad-based disc protrusion with a superimposed right paracentral disc extrusion extending cephalad subligamentously posterior to the C6 vertebral body indenting the ventral thecal sac and contacting the underlying cord. Some of the material behind the posterior C6 vertebral body could reflect blood products. Cannot exclude disruption of the posterior longitudinal ligament at this level. 5. Of note patient's known complex facial and skull base fractures are better demonstrated on the recent prior maxillofacial CT of 5/20/2011 to which you are referred. Patient's left VII nerve palsy is likely related to left temporal bone fracture which appears to extend through the anterior facial canal clinically correlate. A small encephalocele at the level of the tegmen tympani cannot be excluded on the left. Final atending interpretation discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Merkow at 6:10 pm 5/27/2011. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.