Diseases: ['contusion', 'amyloid']
FINDINGS:

As seen on prior CT study there is a transverse fracture through the dens with minimal posterior angulation of the dens. There is disruption of the anterior and posterior longitudinal ligaments at this level. There is marked abnormal signal of the spinal cord extending from the cervicomedullary junction to C3 consistent with cord contusion and/or infarct. The most inferior images of the brain diffusion weighted images and ADC map demonstrates restricted diffusion in the visualized portions of the upper cervical spine likely reflecting ischemia or less likely hemorrhage. There is abnormal signal intensity in the soft tissues posteriorly that does not involve the interspinous ligaments. There is probable disruption of the ligamentum nuchae at C2. Multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the cervical spine. There is prevertebral soft tissue edema which may be related to the trauma and/or endotracheal and enteric tube placement. Significant amount of fluid is pooling in the nasopharynx. There is a caudalization of the cerebellar tonsils of approximately 7 mm with crowding of the foramen magnum consistent with Chiari 1 malformation. No signal changes are seen within the cerebellar tonsils. There is prominence of the ventricles cortical sulci and basilar cisterns which may be secondary to age-related volume loss. Extensive areas of periventricular subcortical and white matter areas of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity likely reflect sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Gradient echo images demonstrate scattered punctate foci of susceptibility artifact concerning for micro-hemorrhages related to diffuse axonal injury however this finding may also represents amyloid angiopathy in a person of the patient's stated age. There are bilateral subgaleal fluid collections. Air fluid levels are in the visualized paranasal sinuses. There is partial opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Type 3 dens fracture with minimal posterior angulation of the dens. There is associated spinal cord signal abnormality likely from contusion and/or ischemia. The anterior and posterior longitudinal ligament and probably the ligamentum nuchae are disrupted at C2.2. Findings consistent with Chiari 1 malformation.3. Scattered foci of susceptibility artifact concerning for microhemorrhages related to diffuse axonal injury in this patient with major trauma however this finding may also be seen in amyloid angiopathy in a person of the patient's stated age.4. Bilateral subgaleal fluid collections.4. Mucosal sinus disease. Opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells.6. Multilevel degenerative changes throughout the cervical spine.These results were discussed with Dr. Bachman at 7:30 pm on 6/18/07.