Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

There is a stable right fronto-parietal-temporal craniectomy with the subcutaneous hematoma overlying the right frontotemporal region and mild edema in the skin flap overlying the craniectomy. Trace amount of subdural blood remains in the right frontal parietal region unchanged. There is increase herniation of the right hemisphere through the decompressed craniectomy. Mild effacement of the right lateral ventricle remains not significantly changed. There is no midline shift. No hydrocephalus. There is persistent right anterior temporal parenchymal contusion with surrounding T2 prolongation consistent with edema. There is some associated restricted diffusion consistent with ischemia but is comfounded compounded by susceptibility in this region. There are also multifocal susceptibility scattered throughout the cerebral hemispheres bilaterally in the frontal and temporal lobes as well as in the right caudate and pons likely related to microhemorrhages given history of trauma. There is restricted diffusion in the splenium of the corpus callosum bifrontal white matter with possible extension to the cortex on the left bilaterally globus pallidus left greater than right bilateral medial temporal lobes bilateral cerebral peduncles and central pons with corresponding low signal on ADC map and T2 prolongation consistent with multifocal late acute/early subacute infarcts. No pathologic intraparenchymal or meningeal enhancement. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are patent. There is partial opacification of the bilateral mastoid air cells. There is circumferential mucosal thickening of the sphenoid sinus and small mucous retention cysts of the maxillary sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multifocal late acute/early subacute infarcts involving the bilateral frontal white matter with possible extension to the left frontal cortex bilateral medial temporal lobes bilateral globus pallidus splenium of the corpus callosum bilateral cerebral peduncles and central pons. 2. Stable right anterior temporal contusion with surrounding edema and some restricted diffusion suggestive of ischemia. Multifocal suspectibility in the bifrontal temporal right caudate and pontine regions are likely microhemorrhages due to a combination of trauma and ischemia. 3. Persistent mild herniation of the right parietal lobe through the craniectomy and mild effacement of the right lateral ventricle with no midline shift or hydrocephalus. Findings discussed with the SICU fellow Dr. Jenkins at 2:15 a.m. 8/15/2009. FINAL ATTENDING INTERPRETATION: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with the above report with the following clarification: 1. Multifocal restricted diffusion associated with hemorrhage and swelling involving bilateral frontal centrum semiovale splenium of the corpus callosum bilateral corticospinal tracts worse on the left extending into the left cerebral peduncle central pontine bilateral medial temporal lobes consistent with diffuse axonal injury. 2. Parenchymal contusion/cytotoxic edema of the right lateral temporal lobe associated with small amount of subacute T1 hyperintensity blood product anteriorly. 3. When compared to prior CT there is increased herniation of the right hemisphere through the decompressed craniectomy associated with mild dilatation of the right lateral ventricle. Otherwise ventricle system is stable in size. 4. Paramesencephalic and quadrigeminal plate cistern effacement is grossly unchanged when compared to prior CT worse on the right. 5. Diffuse high flair signal abnormality within the sulci of bilateral cerebral convexity probably reflecting small amount of subarachnoid hemorrhage in combination of high FiO2 on ventilation. 6. Mild crowding of the posteior fossa; the tonsil remains above the foramen magnum and pre-pontine medullary cistern is patent. Final attending interpretation was communicated with and acknowledged by Dr. Bohman at 3:15 p.m. August 15 2009.