Diseases: ['dermoid', 'lipoma']
FINDINGS:

There is mild cerebral blood loss. There are chronic subduralfluid collections over both cerebral hemispheres. These arehyperintense on flair imaging and result in mild effacement of thecortical sulci. There are unchanged in size compared to the priorstudy. Following contrast administration there is extensiveassociated dural enhancement not uncommonly seen in associationwith chronic subdural hematomas. The basilar cisterns are patent.There is no evidence of herniation. No areas of parenchymalsignal abnormality are identified.The intradural left vertebral artery lacks a normal flow voids unchanged compared to outside MRA.There is a small amount of fluid in the right mastoid air cells.Polyps versus mucus retention cysts are evident in the bilateralmaxillary sinuses.In the anterosuperior sella/suprasellar region there is a T1hyperintense mass which measures approximately 8mm anteroposterior and 4 mm craniocaudal. This is not assessed in detailon this study. This is grossly unchanged compared to the priorstudy.
IMPRESSION:

1. Chronic subdural fluid collections (consistent with history ofchronic subdural hematomas) over both cerebral hemispheres. Theseare unchanged in size.2. T1 hyperintense mass in the anterosuperior sella/suprasellarregion grossly unchanged in size. This is not assessed in detailon the current study. Most likely differential considerationsinclude dermoid and Rathke's cleft cyst. Lipoma andcraniopharyngioma are less likely differential considerations. Ifclinically indicated this could be better evaluated withdedicated pituitary MRI..Addendum:Further clinical history of renal transplant withimmunosuppression and lack of known traumatic event is provided.The imaging appearance and stability is most suggestive of chronicsubdural hematomas. However given the lack of a history oftrauma abnormal enhancement on the scan and immunocompromisedstate other etiologies such as neoplasm of infection are notcompletely excluded.Findings and history discussed with Dr. McGarvey at 4:40 PM on4-8-04.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationAddended by: Interface TalkStation