Diseases: ['infarction', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

Brain: Acute non-hemorrhagic infarction right medial inferior cerebellum and vermis. Additional punctate infarcts in the inferior cerebelli. Punctate focus of susceptibility right frontal lobe may represent prior microhemorrhage. No acute hemorrhage mass effect hydrocephalus. No abnormal enhancement. Trace ethmoid sinus mucosal thickening. Mastoid air cells are clear. MRA neck: The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis. Right vertebral artery is dominant and is normal in course and caliber. The left vertebral artery is small throughout its course then it appears to have a possible flow gap until it reconstitutes at its intradural portion. The intradural portion of the left vertebral artery appears slightly larger in caliber than the more proximal left vertebral artery. There is T1 hyperintense signal on fat saturated axial images (series 26 image 3) along the course of the left vertebral artery. MRA brain: There is patency of the intracranial circulation intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no focal stenosis or aneurysm. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute nonhemorrhagic infarction involving the right inferior cerebellum and vermis with additional punctate areas of infarction and both cerebelli. 2. While the right vertebral artery is dominant the left vertebral artery has a possible flow gap or slow flow and distally reconstitutes in the larger caliber than the proximal left vertebral artery. The larger distal caliber is felt to be unusual for a hypoplastic artery which should be small throughout its course and raises the possibility of dissection. This could be further confirmed with angiography if warranted. Bilaterality of infarcts would be atypical for dissection and are more typical of emboli. 3. The intracranial circulation is patent. Attending note: I agree with the above comments. The left vertebral artery while smaller than the dominant right vertebral artery does appear to have unexplained discontinuity in the distal cervical portion. The relationship of the left vertebral artery and the left pica is not clear. Discussed with Dr. Khan at 11:30pm on 12/26/07.