Diseases: ['normal', 'aneurysm', 'normal', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

Corresponding to the increased density in the left precentral sulcus from the earlier CT there is abnormal signal intensity on the current study in the same location with susceptibility on the gradient echo sequences consistent with subarachnoid hemorrhage. Abnormal signal is also seen in a left posterior parietal sulcus (image 12 series 4H). There are 2 small foci of restricted diffusion in the left periatrial region and left posterior parietal compatible with acute infarcts. There is no midline shift or mass effect. There is no pathologic enhancement. There are non-specific scattered T2 hyperintensities in the subcortical and perventricular white matter which may represent small vessel ischemic disease in the correct clinical setting. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segements. The right vertebral artery is hypoplastic normal anatomic variant. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. There is no evidence of deep or dural venous thrombosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evidence of subarachnoid blood in the left precentral sulcus and a left posterior parietal sulcus. No abnormal enhancement. Two small foci of acute infarcts in the left periatrial region and left posterior parietal lobe. The combination of the acute infarcts and subarachnoid hemorrhage is atypical; etiology is uncertain but may include emboli or vasculitis. If the workup for an embolic source is negative and if clinically warranted conventional angiography may be obtained for the evaluation of vasculitis. 2. Normal MRA without evidence of aneurysm. 3. Normal MRV without evidence of thrombosis. Results were discussed with and acknowledged by Drs. Obasi and Keller at 7 p.m. on 7/26/08. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.