Diseases: ['meningitis']
FINDINGS:

Multiple foci of abnormal increased signal intensity on the T2 weighted and FLAIR images greater on FLAIR since performed post contrast. There are areas of cortical and subcortical involvement and the left hemisphere is involved more than right including frontal and to a lesser extent parietal lobes and left occipital lobe greatest extent of involvement is subcortical left temporal lobe greater than anterior inferior frontal lobe where there is heterogeneous enhancement with a "radiating" pattern (series 9 images 13-16). Despite extent there is relatively little mass effect and the sulci can still be visualized over the left temporal convexity. Additional other hyperintensities also have a linear pattern in general radiating outward and possibly along perivascular spaces. FLAIR images additionally show abnormal signal intensity over frontal poles (series 8 image 25) may represent subarachnoid space involvement and there is enhancement along the ependymal margins occipital horns. No striking diffusion abnormality including in occipital horns or associated with foci af signal abnormality; however gradient echo images show multiple foci of susceptibility corresponding mostly to enhancing regions and some of these have T1-bright signal intensity such as along the right internal capsule. Posterior fossa is relatively spared no convincing lesions below the tentorium. Enhancement previously seen left skull base is less apparent decreasing since April 20 2012 study but still evident (series 7 and 9 image 10). Fluid intensity mastoid air cells is noted increasing since October 8 2012 mucosal thickening scattered elsewhere in the paranasal sinuses is less extensive.
IMPRESSION:

1. Unusual enhancing foci with dominant area left temporal lobe but other foci of linear radiating pattern enhancement left greater than right hemispheres including frontal and to a lesser extent parietal lobes and left occipital lobe. In addition there is ependymal enhancement along occipital horns and there is likely subarachnoid space abnormality over frontal poles right greater than left. Despite these findings there is relatively little mass effect including the left temporal lobe. The pattern is atypical for metastatic disease left temporal and inferior frontal findings may indicate component of treatment-related necrosis while other lesions seem too distant for this. Some of the smaller more distant foci could indicate evolving infarcts but pattern not typical. Partially treated infection or atypical infection such as cryptococcal or mycobacterial remains of concern with ependymal and frontal subarachnoid patterns and possible extension along perivascular spaces. Carcinomatous meningitis less likely. CSF sampling recommended. 2. Enhancing focus left skull base decreasing in prominence since April 20 2012 consistent with previously demonstrated skull base metastatic involvement involving treatment-related change.