Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple areas of increased FLAIR T2 signal abnormalitywhich also demonstrat restricted diffusion located within the lefttemporal lobe high left frontal lobe cortex left insular region left corona radiata right corona data right insular cortex right parietal region right brachium pontis and lateral aspect ofthe right cerebellar hemisphere consistent with acute infarcts.Post contrast images demonstrates general/leptomeningealenhancement within posterior aspect of the left temporal lobe andright parietal lobe right basal ganglia right temporal lobe indicating subacute nature of some of the infarct areas.Increased FLAIR signal is noted within the cortical sulci of thebilateral parietal regions. In view of the enhancement in theparenchyma leptomeninges and perivascular spaces in the basalganglia (on the right side) infectious etiology such as septicemboli causing infarction cannot be entirely excluded andcorrelation with CSF may be obtained if clinically indicated. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and configuration.The visualized paranasal sinuses and orbital contents are normal.The calvarium is normal in marrow signal.7 x 9 mm hypointense T1 area is seen within the subcutaneoustissues and the left occipital region likely representingsebaceous cyst.MRA of the circle of Willis shows mild decrease in caliber of theM1 and M2 segments of the left middle cerebral artery with smallfocal areas of stenosis in the M2 segments. The remainder of thecirculation is within normal limits.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute/subacute infarcts as above likely embolic in nature. Inview of the enhancement in the parenchyma leptomeninges andperivascular spaces in the basal ganglia (on the right side)infectious etiology such as septic emboli causing infarctioncannot be entirely excluded and correlation with CSF may beobtained if clinically indicated.2. Increased FLAIR signal within cortical sulci of the bilateralparietal regions nonspecific finding likely due to vascularhyperemia and is often observed in subacute infarcts.3. MRA of the circle of Willis shows mild decrease in caliber ofthe M1 and M2 segments of the left middle cerebral artery withsmall focal areas of stenosis in the M2 segments. The remainderof the circulation is within normal limits.Case was discussed with Dr. Smith on 6/18/06 at 11:35 AM and Dr.Castillo at 12:10 PM.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation