Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There are findings of midline suboccipital craniectomy with postsurgical changes including pneumocephalus edema and hemorrhage. Patient is status postevacuation of the right cerebellar hematoma with residual blood products in this region. There is continued mild downward herniation of the cerebellar tonsils. There is effacement of the quadrigeminal cistern and fourth ventricle. There is effacement of the interpeduncular cistern. There is mass effect on brainstem relatively unchanged from CT. There is unchanged area of hemorrhage within the vermis and intraventricular hemorrhage. There is a right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter with tip in the frontal horn of the right lateral ventricle. There is mildly increased enlargement of the third ventricle and lateral ventricles. There is marked periventricular T2/FLAIR hyperintensity which may be related to transependymal flow of CSF. There are additional areas of hemorrhage along the prior right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter and within the right basal ganglia with surrounding edema. There is adjacent mass effect on the frontal horn of the right lateral ventricle. No evidence of midline shift at this level. There is a tiny focus of restricted diffusion in the right centrum semiovale left centrum semiovale small areas in the left and right posterior parietal lobes which may represent areas of acute ischemia which may be procedure related. There is also restricted diffusion in the left cerebellar hemisphere which may represent cytotoxic edema. There is an area of increased T2 signal in the right corona radiata which may represent prior infarct. The visualized paranasal sinuses are normal. There is a partially visualized endotracheal tube. There is partial opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post evacuation of right cerebellar hematoma with expected postsurgical changes and stable vermian and ventricular hemorrhage. Continued mass effect with effacement of the fourth ventricle quadrigeminal cistern and interpeduncular cistern and both upward and downward herniation. 2. While there is unchanged compression of the brainstem due to cerebellar mass effect and upherniation there is no T2 prolongation in the brainstem midbrain or left thalamus or posterior right thalamus. 3. Additional areas of hemorrhage along the prior right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter and within the right basal ganglia with surrounding edema. Adjacent mass effect on the frontal horn of the right lateral ventricle. 4. Mildly increased enlargement of the third ventricle and lateral ventricles with transependymal flow of CSF. While the patient does have hydrocephalus there is also significant mass effect and edema from the cerebellar hemorrhage with upward herniation of the cerebellum. 5. Several small foci of restricted diffusion consideration include emboli which could be related to cardiac disease or post-procedural. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.