Diseases: ['amyloid']
FINDINGS:

Images are degraded by patient motion. Redemonstrated is a large region of hemorrhage centered in the left basal ganglia involving the left internal and external capsule and insula with surrounding vasogenic edema. There are focal regions of intrinsic T1 shortening and susceptibility artifact surrounding the sentinel hemorrhage which likely are represent blood products. Evaluation for enhancement is limited due to the intrinsic T1 shortening. There is persistent local mass effect with partial effacement of the left lateral ventricle and 9 mm of left to right midline shift. Surrounding edema extends inferiorly into the left temporal lobe where there is expansion of the anterior medial left temporal region which exerts mild mass-effect on the adjacent brainstem. Imaging features favor the presence of a subacute hematoma although the presence of an underlying mass vascular malformation and/or infarct cannot be completely excluded. Follow-up imaging is recommended after resolution of blood products and local mass effect. A minimal amount of blood products are seen within the left posterior aspect of the quadrigeminal cistern (series 9/image 12) and layered within the atrium of the left lateral ventricle. The ventricles and basal cisterns remain stable in size and configuration to prior examination dated January 4 2012. Scattered foci of gradient echo susceptibility are present throughout the subcortical white matter pons and posterior fossa nonspecific differential considerations include microhemorrhages amyloid angiopathy or less likely multifocal cavernomas. A small area of encephalomalacia anterior to the right lateral ventricle likely represents an old infarction. Linear region of encephalomalacia also identified in the right cerebellum. Periventricular and subcortical white matter T2 hyperintense foci are present nonspecific but likely related to small vessel ischemic changes. Evaluation for restricted diffusion and is limited by the presence of blood products. Flow voids are maintained in major intracranial vascular structures although dedicated vascular imaging was not performed. Bilateral lens replacements are present. Mucosal changes identified in the visualized paranasal sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable 9-mm midline shift to the right and compression of the the left lateral ventricle due to a large left subinsular/basal ganglia subacute hemorrhage. Follow-up MRI is recommended after resolution of blood products and mass effect to evaluate for the possibility of an underlying lesion. 2. Probable sequela of chronic vessel ischemic change and prior ischemic insults as detailed above. 3. Scattered foci of subcortical gradient echo susceptibility which in this patient's age group most likely reflect the presence of microhemorrhage or amyloid angiopathy. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.