Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple punctate foci of diffusion restriction of the right occipital parietal and posterior frontal cortex as well as the right corona radiata and genu of the internal capsule consistent with acute infarctions. In addition there are extensive periventricular deep and subcortical white matter signal changes on the T2 and flair images most consistent with chronic small vessel and perfusional ischemia. There are numerous foci of susceptibility artifact on the gradient sequence involving the brainstem cerebral and cerebellar hemispheres unchanged from the prior examination. In the left parietal lobe this lesion most likely represents a cavernous angioma. The multiple other lesions could also represent smaller cavernous angiomas or hypertensive microhemorrhage. The bilateral internal carotid arteries and M1 segments are unremarkable. Note is made of a hypoplastic right A1 segment a normal variant. The left A1 segment is unremarkable. The vertebral arteries basilar artery and posterior cerebral arteries are within normal limits. There is no evidence of aneurysm or flow limiting stenosis. Evaluation of the cervical vasculature is slightly limited by patient motion artifact. Note is made of a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid artery from the aorta. The origins of the remaining vessels are unremarkable. No flow limiting stenosis or aneurysm is identified of the common carotid carotid bifurcations or internal carotid arteries. There is no evidence of dissection on the T1 fat saturated images.
IMPRESSION:

1. New punctate infarctions of the right cerebral hemisphere as detailed above. The appearance and distribution of these is most consistent with an embolic source from right MCA and possibly right PCA; a perfusional abnormal is considered unlikely. 2. Multiple punctate susceptibility artifact throughout the visualized brain parenchyma. The large left parietal lesion most likely represents a cavernous angioma however the multiple other lesions could represent cavernous angiomas versus hypertensive microhemorrhage. 3. Generalized atrophy and white matter changes consistent with chronic small vessel and perfusional ischemic changes. These findings were discussed with and confirmed by Adriana Gordon NP on October 23 2009 at 22:21. FINAL ATTENDING INTERPRETATION: I have personally reviewed the images and partially agree with the following additional comment: 1. There is a long segment of luminal irregularity and decreased flow related enhancement of the proximal to mid right M1 segment concerning for atherosclerotic disease with in-situ partial thrombosis or embolus. In addition bilateral P2 segments of the PCAs are not well seen suspicious for disease as well in the setting of right occipital acute infarct. Further evaluation with CTA is recommended as clinically indicated. 2. Moderate tortuosity of the neck vessels. No hemodynamically significant stenosis. Of note the left vertebral artery appears to arise directly from the arch. Findings were communicated with and acknowledged by Dr. Deroos at 11:15 AM on 10/24/09.