Diseases: ['vasculitis/vasculopathy']
FINDINGS:

Internal reference studies include May 2 2012 follow-up MRI and conventional angiogram May 1 2012. On April 3 MRI diffusion weighted images show multiple foci of bright signal for example left centrum semi-ovale and right posterior internal capsule/lentiform nucleus decreased intensity on ADC maps. There are also diffusion-bright foci without clearly decreased diffusion on ADC maps elsewhere such as near the genu of the right internal capsule and left inferomedial cerebellar hemisphere but these are smaller. No definite enhancement associated. These findings are superimposed on more widespread signal abnormalities on the long-TR images; specifically multi-focal T2-bright foci are seen in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter including anterior temporal white matter. Moreover there is abnormal increased signal intensity medial thalamus which appears more subtle. On FLAIR images there is increased intensity throughout sulci above and below the tentorium but this does not clearly enhance. No abnormal susceptibility clearly appreciated. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. No abnormal parenchymal enhancement. Prior sinonasal surgery appears to have been performed and there is a fluid level in the right sphenoid sinus with partial opacification frontoethmoidal regions left greater than right consistent with history of sinus disease. Unenhanced and contrast enhanced MRV show patent sagittal sinus and midline deep venous structures. Straight sinus is less well seen on the unenhanced series but appears patent on the contrast enhanced series and there is a flow void on conventional series. Hemorrhagic and circle of Willis should shows hypoplastic left vertebral artery which probably terminates in the posterior inferior cerebellar artery. Proximal intracranial arterial branches are patent without occlusion or high-grade stenosis. There are some distal branches where there being may be mild segmental narrowing such as right M3 and left anterior/inferior temporal branch but this may be artifactual/flow related possibly similar findings right P1 segment but again not certain and better evaluated on the subsequent conventional angiogram May 1 2012. On the follow-up study April 29 2012 new foci of decreased diffusion were evident including the left parietal white matter right corona radiata and thalamus/internal capsule left occipital white matter greater than right and right middle cerebellar peduncle. Many of these showed decreased diffusion coefficient but the left parietal white matter lesion is atypical with peripheral decreased diffusion and central facilitated diffusion. This focus shows somewhat of an incomplete enhancing rim as does the left occipital white matter lesion while the middle cerebellar peduncle and right occipital lesions show more focal enhancement. The right thalamic/capsular and corona radiata lesions do not appear to enhance. Some of the previously diffusion-bright lesions for example the more lateral posterior limb internal capsule and left centrum semiovale foci have become less prominent and do not enhance.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving foci of decreased diffusion from April 3 to April 29 some improving but others appearing including two atypical foci with incomplete rim enhancement left parietal and occipital regions. Some have the appearance of cytotoxic edema/ischemia but the two atypical lesions appear more like demyelinating lesions. These findings are superimposed on more extensive white matter abnormalities which are abnormal for age and are moderate to marked extent including temporal white matter. Question of the meningeal abnormalities on April 3 but not evident on subsequent or contrast enhanced images. See subsequent conventional angiogram and follow-up MRI May 1 and May 2 2012. Differential includes inflammatory process (or processes) including vasculitis/vasculopathy but with atypical lesions question raised of at least some pathology better explained by demyelinating process possible that some of the smaller lesions could be demyelinating as well though pattern seems more likely ischemic. Embolic ischemic etiology such as from proximal or cardiac emboli considered but correlate with TEE already obtained apparently negative. Infection considered but less likely given pattern and evolution on corticosteroids alone. 2. Patent midline deep and superficial venous structures on April 3 study patent major intracranial arterial branches with some variant anatomy possible mild stenosis P1 and more distal right M3 and left M2 branches but not certain see subsequent conventional angiogram from HUP May 1 2012 for more complete evaluation. Discussed with Dr. Cucchiara in neurology 1500 hours 5/8/2012.