Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There is restricted diffusion in the right occipital lobe right cerebellar hemisphere posterior occipital lobe in the territory of the right posterior cerebral artery. There are additional foci of restricted diffusion in the right midbrain and the right greater than left thalami  that may be consistent with occlusion of artery of Percheron. Addition of small foci of restricted diffusion are noted in the left frontal lobe. Redemonstrated is old lacunar infarct in the right cerebellar hemisphere. Scattered foci of FLAIR hyperintensity in the deep and subcortical white matter likely sequela of chronic small as ischemic changes. Minimal hemosiderin staining in the left parieto-occipital region. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The 3-D time-of-flight sequence is showing diminished flow in the bilateral intradural distal vertebral arteries and in the basilar artery. However after contrast administration these vessels and the bilateral P1 segments of both PCAs appear patent. There is diminished flow/occlusion of the distal right PCA. There is marked stenosis of the V3 and V4 segments of the right distal vertebral artery as seen on the previous CTA. The anterior circulation including the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments is patent. There is no intracranial aneurysm. There is patency of the left vertebral artery as well as the V1 and V2 segments of the right cervical vertebral artery. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute infarcts involving the medial right occipital lobe right cerebellar hemisphere posterior occipital lobe in the territory of the right posterior cerebral artery as well as in the right midbrain and the right greater than left thalami  that may be consistent with occlusion of artery of Percheron. 2. Additional punctate regions of acute infarction in the left frontal lobe may be secondary to emboli. 3. Stenosis of the V3 and V4 segments of the right vertebral artery. 4. Diminished flow/occlusion of the distal right PCA. 5. The 3-D time-of-flight sequence is showing diminished flow in the bilateral intradural distal vertebral arteries and in the basilar artery however after contrast administration the bilateral P1 segments of both PCAs appear patent. This may be artifactual in nature. There is no finding corresponding to the previously demonstrated filling defect in the P1 segment of the right PCA. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.