Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There are areas of abnormal diffusion restriction inthe right MCA territory in the insula frontal parietal andposterior temporal lobes with corresponding T2 prolongation. Noevidence of hemorrhagic transformation on thesusceptibility-weighted images but signal loss in an M2 branch ofthe right MCA likely represents thrombus or embolus. Patchy T2prolongation abnormalities without slow diffusion are also notedin the right corona radiata and right frontal lobe withencephalomalacic changes likely chronic ischemia. Some of thissignal abnormality is distributed in a parasagittal location suggesting watershed ischemia. Patchy T2 hyperintensities in theperiventricular white matter likely also represent chronicischemia. The flow void is not seen in the visualized portions ofthe right internal carotid artery indicating slow flow orocclusion.MRA of the circle of Willis shows no flow-related enhancement inthe distal cervical petrous and cavernous portions of the rightICA likely thrombosed. There is flow-related enhancement in thepost-communicating segment due to a patent right PCOM and thereis also flow-related enhancement within the right A1 and M1segments. A patent ACOM is likely present. Similar to thesusceptibility-weighted images the source images show signal losswithin an M2 branch of the right MCA likely thrombus or embolus(see images 80-83). A patent left PCOM is also present. Theright internal maxillary artery is dilated with likelycontribution to the anterior circulation via the ophthalmicartery. A focal high-grade stenosis is also noted at the distalbasilar artery also involving the proximal P1 segment of theright PCA.MRA of the cervical vessels shows a focal high-grade stenosis ofthe left ICA at its origin with a flow gap seen on the TOFimages. On the right the cervical segment of the ICA shows nosignal on either gadolinium-enhanced or TOF images indicatinglikely occlusion thereof. Both vertebral arteries are patent andnormal in caliber with tortuosity at the left origin. A probablemild stenosis is present of the left subclavian artery proximal tothe vertebral artery origin.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute infarction in right MCA territory with likely embolusor thrombus within an M2 branch of the right MCA.2. Evidence of chronic watershed ischemia of the right cerebrum.3. Occlusion of right internal carotid artery from its origin with recanalization via the right PCOM and likely right ophthalmicarteries.4. Focal high-grade stenosis of the left internal carotid arteryat its origin likely 90-99% in degree.5. Focal severe stenosis at the distal basilar artery.Discussed with Dr. Hasbani of neurology.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation