Diseases: ['infarction', 'infarction', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

Area of marked restricted diffusion within the posterior right temporal posterior subcutaneous insular region and posterior right frontal/parietal lobes consistent with right middle cerebral artery infarction. There is corresponding low signal on ADC map. There is hyperintensity on flair images suggesting this is subacute. There is no associated susceptibility on gradient echo images. Rounded area of susceptibility 8mm in the left parietal lobe near the vertex likely representing small hemorrhagic infarction. No corresponding area of enhancement on postcontrast axial/coronal images. Subtle area of hyperintensity in the right anterior/inferior temporal on the T1 weighted axial images. There is no corresponding signal abnormality on the sagittal T1 weighted image and no abnormal enhancement or susceptibility artifact. No areas of pathologic enhancement. Minimal opacification of the mastoid air cells left greater than right. The remainder of the paranasal sinuses are clear. The echo glows and lenses are normal. There is minimal fluid within the nasopharynx otherwise it is grossly normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Probable subacute posterior division right middle cerebral artery infarct as detailed above. No evidence for hemorrhagic transformation. 2. Small high left parietal lobe hemorrhagic infarction. 3. No pathologic enhancement. Discussed with Dr. Maus in the CCU at 11:25 pm on date of exam. ATTENDING INTERPRETATION: I overall agree with the above report. I agree that there is a acute/subacute infarction in the right middle cerebral artery distribution involving the right perisylvian territory as well as the frontal and parietal lobes. There are other area of acute/subacute infarction involving the right centrum semiovale as well several other smaller punctate foci likely secondary to emboli. There agree that there is a small area of hemorrhage in the left parietal lobe near the vertex. However no definite areas or restricted diffusion are identified to suggest acute infarction. Several other areas of T2 prolongation are seen into anterior right frontal and temporal lobes likely secondary to prior insult. There also are areas of FLAIR hyperintensity within the cortical sulci over the convexities non-specific but may be secondary to etiologies including proteinaceous material in the subarachnoid space or high FiO2. Clinical correlation is advised. No definite areas of pathological enhancement although contrast enhanced images are degraded by motion. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.