Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There are post-surgical changes status-post resection of a left anterior clinoid meningioma with blood products within the surgical bed a small extra-axial layering hematoma under to the craniotomy site bifrontal and left temporal pneumocephalus scalp swelling and surgical drain in place. A small curvi-linear area of cytotoxic edema is seen along the medial anterior temporal lobe about the surgical bed. Scattered foci of subarachnoid blood are present involving the left greater then right cerebral hemispheres. Few foci of apparent restricted diffusion involving the superior left parietal lobe and superior right frontal lobe (series 5 image 87-88) are felt to be artifactual in etiology possibly related to concentrated subarachnoid blood. A small amount of residual enhancing tissue is seen medial to the left anterior temporal lobe (series 8 image 10) demonstrating intrinsic T1 shortening anteriorly a small residua of neoplasm cannot be excluded. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. There is no parenchymal mass hemorrhage or midline shift. No extra-axial fluid collection is present. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. Bilateral lens prostheses. Well circumscribed T1/T2 mildly hyperintense expansile lesion centered upon the right maxillary alveolar process with expansion into the inferior right maxillary sinus and mild mass effect upon the anterior right masticator space as a chronic appearance and may be odontogenic in etiology. No definite solid enhancement is seen.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post-surgical changes status-post resection of a left anterior clinoid meningioma. Small linear area of cytotoxic edema along the medial anterior left temporal lobe about the surgical bed. Small amount of enhancing tissue is noted medial to the left anterior temporal lobe (series 8 image 10) while this may be postsurgical attention to this region on follow-up imaging is recommended to exclude a tiny residua of neoplasm. Attention to the left foramen rotundum is also recommended. 2. Circumscribed T1/T2 mildly hyperintense expansile lesion centered upon the right maxillary alveolar process with expansion into the inferior right maxillary sinus and mild mass effect upon the anterior right masticator space as a chronic appearance and may be odontogenic in etiology. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.