Diseases: ['meningioma', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Multiple sequences are degraded secondary to susceptibility from patient's programmable shunt. Postsurgical changes are redemonstrated from patient's prior left pterional craniotomy with evolving postsurgical changes in the left inferior frontotemporal resection cavity with associated susceptibility. There is evidence of continued albeit faint enhancement along the inferomedial margin of the resection cavity with continued but decreased FLAIR hyperintensity in this region which probably reflects treatment related sequela in this region/residual Masson's tumor. Interval decrease in FLAIR signal abnormality about the resection cavity. Overall decrease in edema involving the left frontal and temporal regions with superimposed encephalomalacic change. Marked interval increase in size of right parieto-occipital extra-axial enhancing mass with increasing pachymeningeal enhancement with pachymeningeal enhancement diffusely involving right parietal occipital and temporal regions; this mass currently measures 2.9 x 1.2 cm in axial plane and 3.3 cm craniocaudally; it previously measured 1.5 x 0.8 cm in axial plane and 1.6 cm craniocaudally. There is associated increasing leptomeningeal enhancement most prominent along the inferior margin of this mass (image 14 series 9). There is increasing mass effect on the left parietal and occipital regions with overall minimal adjacent edema. While diffusion-weighted imaging is limited by susceptibility there is a new region of restricted diffusion involving the right occipital periventricular white matter which extends slightly to the cortex with associated FLAIR signal abnormality however no enhancement. Similar encephalomalcic changes involving left basal ganglia with associated susceptibility and ex vacuo ventricular dilatation. Ventricular caliber has increased from prior exam which in part may be ex vacuo in origin however there is continued FLAIR periventricular signal abnormality and a component of worsening hydrocephalus cannot be excluded. There is similar trajectory of patient's right frontal ventricular catheter with associated surrounding parenchymal signal abnormality terminating in frontal horn right lateral ventricle. There is similar volume loss and FLAIR hyperintensity involving the left cerebral peduncle and pons consistent with a component of Wallerian degeneration. Remote cerebellar infarcts noted. There are no extra cerebral fluid collections. Similar susceptibility is noted within the left lateral ventricle probably related to remote prior interventricular blood products. Hemosiderin staining of left frontal and temporal regions is again noted. Partial opacification of ethmoid air cells with continued opacification of the left frontal sinus.. Left maxillary mucous retention cyst. No suspicious marrow signal abnormalities. Spondylotic changes over cervical spine noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving postsurgical changes from left-sided craniotomy with decreasing edema in the inferior left frontotemporal region in patient with known Masson's tumor. 2. Marked interval increase in size of right parietal occipital extra-axial enhancing mass with pachymeningeal and to lesser degree leptomeningeal involvement. Given left meningeal enhancement and marked interval increase in size this is concerning for an aggressive type neoplasm and may be radiation related given patient's known Masson's tumor and prior gamma knife and considerations would include meningioma or sarcoma. 3. New area of restricted diffusion involving right occipital periventricular white matter extending inferiorly consistent with a region of cytotoxic edema consistent with ischemia and may be related to radiation related vasculopathy. Superimposed seizure activity may also be present. 4. Interval increase in ventricular caliber which in part may be due to progression of volume loss however superimposed worsening component of the patient's hydrocephalus cannot be excluded. Correlate clinically.