Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a complex multilobulated mass centered in the left frontal lobe with a large central cystic component and irregular peripheral enhancement. The lesion extends to the inferior left frontal lobe anterior medial left temporal lobe and anterior basal ganglia with extension to the cortical margin at multiple points along the left frontal lobe. There is extension of tumor to the ependymal surface of the frontal horn of the left lateral ventricle. There is white matter signal alteration extending to the high left frontal lobe and into the left genu of the corpus callosum however no clear extension beyond midline is identified. There are regions of decreased diffusion within the periphery of the mass representing regions of high cellularity. There is increased perfusion to the enhancing portions of the mass and abnormal white matter of the high right frontal lobe approximately 6 times greater than the contralateral normal appearing white matter. MR spectroscopy was technically degraded although one voxel did show a malignant spectra. Mild meningeal enhancement is seen along the left anterior aspect of the mass overlying the inferior left frontal lobe (for instance series 14 image 106) which is most likely reactive. Focal tumor invasion cannot be excluded. Significant mass effect on the left frontal lobe left basal ganglia and medial left temporal lobe is present. There is deviation of the ventricles to the right with approximately 1.3 cm of left right midline shift. The lateral ventricles are prominent right greater than left with increased T2 signal in the periatrial white matter and adjacent to the frontal horn of the right lateral ventricle representing transependymal flow of CSF. There is compression of the third ventricle and partial effacement of the left aspect of the suprasellar cistern. There is a 1.5 x 0.9 cm mass of the left middle cerebellar peduncle with a rim of hypointensity consistent with a cavernoma. This is associated with a small developmental venous anomaly. The orbits are unremarkable. The paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. The superficial soft tissues are within normal limits.
IMPRESSION:

1. Complex necrotic and ring-enhancing mass centered in the left frontal lobe as described above with extension to the left basal ganglia left temporal lobe and left genu of the corpus callosum. The MRI findings are consistent with a high-grade neoplasm likely glioblastoma. Mild meningeal enhancement along the inferior left frontal lobe is most likely reactive however focal tumor invasion cannot be excluded. 2. Midline shift and mass effect on the lateral and third ventricles with enlargement of ventricles consistent ventricular entrapment. 3. Left middle cerebellar peduncle cavernoma with associated developmental venous anomaly.