Diseases: ['schwannoma', 'meningioma', 'schwannoma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There has been evolution of postoperative changes including: surgical resection cavity along the medial left occipital lobe irregular poorly circumscribed enhancement and overlying craniotomy defect. There is new rounded focus of enhancement measuring 8 mm in diameter just anterior to the surgical resection cavity and abutting the left lateral aspect of the splenium. Please see series 7 image 19. There is new enhancement along the right splenium of the corpus callosum and along the right periatrial region. These see series 7 image 17-20. Both of these areas are concerning for residual/recurrent neoplasm. When compared to the prior exam there is slightly more thickened diffuse enhancement of the dura as visualized on the coronal images. This may be reactive related to lumbar puncture however inflammatory/infectious etiologies or neoplastic etiologies can have a similar appearance. Please correlate with CSF studies. Secondary to artifact generated from the patient's ventricular shunt catheter reservoir the diffusion images are markedly distorted. No definite evidence for new infarction. There is a right frontal approach ventricular shunt catheter. The catheter traverses the right frontal lobe right frontal horn and septum pellucidum. The tip terminates in the left frontal horn along the left leaflet of the septum. There remains some asymmetry between the size of the lateral ventricles left being slightly smaller than right. Overall stable configuration when compared to recent CT exam. There is hyperostosis frontalis normal variant of the calvarium. Overall stable appearance of left vestibular schwannoma. When in in both the cisternal and intracanalicular portions of the schwannoma the mass measures approximately 2.4 CM in greatest dimension. There remains mild mass effect on the left middle cerebellar peduncle. Stable subcentimeter left frontal convexity meningioma. The
IMPRESSION:

1. The images are markedly degraded by artifact generated from the patient's ventricular shunt reservoir. No definite evidence of acute infarction. Please see above. 2. Interval increase in enhancement along the left occipital lobe resection cavity splenium of the corpus callosum and right periatrial region as detailed above. These findings are concerning for residual/recurrent tumor. 3. Diffuse dural thickening and enhancement. Differential considerations include reactive related to lumbar puncture infectious/inflammatory or neoplastic. 4. Stable left vestibular schwannoma. 5. Stable subcentimeter left frontal convexity meningioma. Discussed with Dr. Moss. ATTENDING INTERPRETATION: I overall agree with the above report with the following additional comments/modifications. Evolution of post-surgical changes as described. Although the diffusion weighted images are degraded no definite evidence of acute infarction. Stable appearance of the ventricular system when compared to prior CT examination but improved from 4/22/08. Marked areas of irregular enhancement in the left parietal lobes surrounding surgical cavity with extending to the left splenium as well as the right splenium with concern for ependymal spread. Findings are highly concerning for progression of recurrent/residual neoplasm. The diffuse dural enhancement is felt to likely be secondary to chronic shunting. Stable appearance of left vestibular schwannoma and left convexity meningioma.