Diseases: ['meningitis']
FINDINGS:

Multiple sequences are markedly degraded by motion related artifact limiting evaluation. MRI brain: There is periventricular FLAIR signal abnormality along the lateral ventricles including the occipital horns which may reflect transependymal flow of CSF and/or inflammation related to ventriculitis. There are small foci of restricted in the occipital horns bilaterally diffusion likely reflecting layering debris. There is no definite periventricular enhancement or abnormal parenchymal enhancement again noting the limitations of this motion degraded study. No definite dural enhancement is seen. There are mild scattered foci of periventricular deep and subcortical T2 prolongation nonspecific. There is prominence of the lateral and third ventricles stable from the prior CT of 11/3/2012. No evidence of extra-axial collection or hemorrhage. No midline shift. There is circumferential mucosal thickening in the left maxillary sinus and trace thickening in the right maxillary sinus. There is partial opacification of the ethmoid air cells. Thoracic spine MRI: There is straightening of the thoracic spine. There is mild disk bulge at T7-T8. Otherwise no significant posterior disk contour abnormality canal stenosis or neural foraminal narrowing is seen in the thoracic spine. There is left facet arthropathy with moderate left ligamentum flavum thickening at T9-T10. More mild left facet arthropathy and ligamentum flavum thickening is seen at the T7-T8 T8-T9 and T10-T11. There is no definite cord signal abnormality or abnormal enhancement again noting limitations of this motion degraded study. Lumbar spine MRI: There is straightening of the lumbar lordosis. Redemonstrated are multilevel degenerative changes in the lumbar spine that appear similar and are better demonstrated on the prior study of 1026/2012. There is leptomeningeal enhancement along the lumbar spine continued dural enhancement and increased thickening and enhancement of nerve roots. These findings may be related to lumbar puncture but are also concerning for spinal meningitis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple sequences are markedly degraded by motion related artifact. Repeat imaging is recommended with sedation as clinically indicated. 2. Continued stable prominence of the ventricles. Periventricular FLAIR signal abnormality that may reflect transependymal flow of CSF and/or inflammation related to ventriculitis. Layering debris with small foci of restricted diffusion also consistent with ventriculitis but no ependymal enhancement or parenchymal enhancement is evident on this motion degraded study. 3. Suboptimal evaluation of the lumbar spine due to motion with leptomeningeal enhancement continued dural enhancement at the lumbosacral junction and thickening and enhancement of nerve roots which may be related to lumbar puncture but is also concerning for spinal meningitis.