Diseases: ['meningioma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Status post right frontoparietal craniectomy. There is interval decrease in enhancement centrally within the residual right frontal parasagittal dural based mass along the anterior resection margin with maximum coronal plane dimensions 2.7 x 0.6 cm previously 2.6 x 1.1 cm. At the posterior resection margin the dural enhancement has maximum coronal plane dimensions are 2.1 x 1.7 cm previously 2.0 x 1.6 cm. These findings likely represent a combination of post-surgical dural enhancement and treated meningioma. There is confluent subcortical white matter centrum semi-ovale and periventricular white matter T2 prolongation in the right frontoparietal white matter increased from the prior study in keeping with evolving radiation change. Stable scattered T2 hyperintense foci in the left cerebral white matter nonspecific and likely due to chronic small vessel ischemia. In addition there are two areas of dural based enhancement one in the lateral left frontal fossa and a second in near image right frontal fossa see image 29 series 9. While there is little overall change compared to the immediate prior scan going back to a study of November 1 2011 there has been interval growth. No extra-axial fluid collections or mass effect. No evidence of acute infarct or intracranial hemorrhage. Ventricles are symmetric and patent. Pituitary fossa and orbits are unremarkable. Stable right maxillary sinus mucus retention cysts versus polyps.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post right frontal parasagittal meningioma resection. 2. Interval decreased enhancement centrally within the parasagittal meningioma consistent with radiation change. The superior sagittal sinus appears diminutive in the region of the tumor. This however is stable compared with prior exams and presumably represents tumor involvement. 3. Increased white matter T2 prolongation on or to one and or greater in bone and suggesting progressive radiation change. 4. Two additional areas of dural enhancement consistent with separate meningiomas that have increased in size since 2011 see above. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.