Diseases: ['schwannoma', 'infarction', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes status-post left retrosigmoid resection of a left cerebellopontine angle mass with blood products in the surgical bed a small amount of extraaxial fluid subjacent to the craniectomy site and a small amount of subgaleal fluid. There is a vasogenic edema involving the lateral aspect of the left cerebellum possibly related to retraction. There is stable mass effect upon the brainstem and right lateral aspect of the 4th ventricle. Residual enhancing neoplasm is seen along the anterosuperior margin of the surgical bed measuring 9 x 19 x 15 mm (AP x TR x cc). Thin enhancement about the remainder of the surgical bed extending into the left internal auditory canal likely reflects a combination of post operative change and residual neoplasm and it is felt that this will retract in part on follow-up imaging reflecting expected evolution of surgical change. Patency of the sigmoid sinuses cannot be assessed for on the current examination. There is new non-enhancing non-restricting T2/FLAIR hyperintense signal abnormality involving the superior left frontal subcortical white matter with possible mild extension into the overlying cortex (series 4 images 23-27). Assessment of enhanced images raises the possibility of underlying development venous anomalies. Scattered non-enhancing foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity involving the left parietal subcortical white matter left posterior corona radiata left forceps major and right occipital subcortical white matter are unchanged and non-specific regarding etiology. Persistent opacification of the left maxillary sinus and left mastoid air cells. Mild mucosal thickening of the sphenoid sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes status-post partial resection of a large left vestibular schwannoma with residual enhancing tumor as above. It appears that approximately 75% of the neoplasm has been resected. Attention on three-month follow-up imaging will be helpful. 2. New nonenhancing nonrestricting signal abnormality involving the superior left frontal subcortical white matter with possible mild extension to cortex. There is suggestion of underlying developmental venous anomalies. Considerations would include a perfusional abnormality without infarction including venous congestion. Patency of the sigmoid sinus cannot be assessed for on the current study. Sequela of seizure activity is unlikely given no evidence of seizure activity. Clinically the patient is doing well without signs of infection making encephalitis less likely. A toxic/metabolic etiology cannot be excluded. This was discussed in detail with Dr. John Lee from the neurosurgical service at approximately 1:40 PM 6/10/20/11. 3. Stable nonenhancing scattered foci of signal abnormality involving the subcortical and periventricular white matter unchanged and non-specific. Clinical correlation is essential. Attention on follow-up imaging is advised. 4. Persistent opacification of the left maxillary sinus and left mastoid air cells. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.