Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated are changes from decompressive craniectomy with herniation of portions of the left cerebral hemisphere through the osseous defect. T2 prolongation and enhancement in the left temporalis muscle without focal fluid collections have decreased in keeping with evolving postsurgical changes. There is also decreased left scalp and left periorbital soft tissue swelling and enhancement since 10/3/2013. There has been interval development of an ovoid collection demonstrating T1 shortening in the left parieto-occipital region medial to the posterior edge of the craniectomy. This collection extends superiorly over the vertex. It causes mild mass effect on the underlying brain in the left parieto-occipital region (image 16 of series 4). Areas of restricted diffusion are noted in the most inferior portions of this collection (image 79 through 83 of series 5). There is also a thin linear collection which also exhibits T1 shortening along the left cerebral convexity without mass effect in keeping with blood products. There is increased fluid with dural enhancement in the interhemispheric fissure however there is no convincing evidence of restricted diffusion in that collection which likely represents an interhemispheric subdural hygroma. There is decreased size of the extra-axial fluid collection along the left medial temporal lobe and in the left suprasellar cistern which demonstrates high signal on T1-weighted imaging and DWI likely representing evolving blood products. The right frontal approach external ventricular drain has been removed. There is T2 prolongation along the tract in the right frontal lobe and right caudate nucleus. There has been interval evolution of the signal intensity and restricted diffusion previously identified along the gyri of the left cerebral hemisphere and to a lesser degree in the frontal lobe of the right cerebral hemisphere. Gyriform T1 shortening is seen in the right frontal lobe in keeping with laminar cortical necrosis. Gyriform enhancement delineates the previous areas which demonstrated restricted diffusion in keeping with subacute ischemia. There has been interval development of a cystic area of encephalomalacia in the left parietal lobe (extending from the left periatrial region superiorly) without abnormal enhancement. There is also development of a well-circumscribed area of T2 prolongation with intrinsic T1 shortening in the brain parenchyma which protrudes through the decompressive craniectomy in keeping with blood products (image 24 and 25 of series 7). The previously seen mass effect on the lateral ventricles has decreased. The supratentorial and infratentorial ventricles are now larger with ex vacuo dilatation of the left lateral ventricle. The interval enlargement of the ventricles is likely due to a combination of reduced mass effect removal of the EVD and possibly the hydration status of the patient. There is no transependymal CSF flow. There is 8 mm leftward midline shift new from prior exam of 10/3/2013. The basal cisterns are patent. There is improvement in the left maxillary sinus inflammatory disease. Small mucous retention cyst in left maxillary sinus. Opacified left sphenoid sinus is again noted with clearing of the right sphenoid sinus. Bilateral mastoid air cells opacification as before. Fluid is noted in the left petrous apex.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval development of an ovoid collection in the left parieto-occipital extra-axial region along the medial margin of the craniectomy defect and extending superiorly along the vertex associated with mild mass effect. The signal intensity is suggestive of blood products. Restricted diffusion in the most inferior/posterior portion can be seen with blood however superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. 2. Interval evolution of the ischemic changes involving the left and to a lesser degree right cerebral hemispheres as detailed. Development of encephalomalacia and areas of parenchymal hemorrhage in the left cerebral hemisphere within the brain herniating through the craniotomy defect. 3. Interval mild enlargement of the interhemispheric fluid collection with no evidence of restricted diffusion to suggest an infected collection. 4. Further evolution of extra-axial blood products along the left medial temporal region and in the suprasellar cistern. 5. Interval enlargement of the ventricles with no convincing evidence of hydrocephalus. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.