Diseases: ['empyema', 'infarction', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

Images are degraded by motion thus mildly limiting evaluation. A left frontal subdural collection is visualized that is isointense on T2 weighted imaging hyperintense on FLAIR images and hypointense on T1 weighted imaging with respect to CSF. No significant enhancement surrounding the left subdural collection or of the adjacent brain parenchyma is appreciated on the postcontrast images. No restricted diffusion is visualized within the subdural collection. No significant mass effect is visualized. No shift of midline structures or intracranial hemorrhage. Extensive opacification of the visualized paranasal sinuses is present including the frontal sinuses as on the recent CT examination. Opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells is also again visualized. Scattered foci of high T2/FLAIR signal abnormality are seen in the bilateral subcortical and deep white matter likely representing sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic change. No regions of restricted diffusion. Intracranial flow voids are preserved.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left subdural collection without definite MRI evidence for empyema. Opacification of the paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells. Findings were discussed with and acknoledged by Dr. Sagalyn in the emergency department and Dr. Lega of the neurosurgery service at 2030 hours on 7/31/07. Attending interpretation: Modification of above report. Left subdural collection as mentioned above is T1 hypointense nonenhancing. This is also T2 hyperintense FLAIR isointense to white matter. There is no restricted diffusion is collection. It likely represents proteinaceous collection. There are scattered foci of restricted diffusion along the left cerebrum in a watershed distribution (left frontal lobe left parietal lobe) as well as along the right parietal lobe. These regions are suspicious for small areas of infarction. In addition there is a focus of subcortical enhancement along the right parietal lobe (series 17 image 25 and series 18 image 28) which given the other foci of infarction may represent a region of subacute ischemia. Follow-up examination suggested. Findings discussed with Dr. Sanborn from neurosurgery service at time of attending interpretation.