Diseases: ['empyema', 'meningioma', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated are postsurgical changes right frontal craniectomy for subdural edema drainage. There is nonspecific thickening and enhancement of the dura subjacent to the craniectomy which may be postsurgical in nature. Scattered foci of blood products noted within the anterior right frontal lobe. Diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement again noted. Postsurgical changes from right parietal craniectomy with flap displaced medially. There has been interval increase in thickness of the extra-axial collection at the craniectomy site now measuring 27 mm in maximal thickness vs. 21 mm previously. There may have been placement of a drainage catheter. Additional right suboccipital craniectomy with mesh with stable appearance. There is new subdural blood along the anterior falx on the right without significant mass effect or midline shift. The extra-axial collection with blood products over the right temporoparietal region is grossly stable. Interval removal of right posterior approach ventricular has been removed. Interval placement of left frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter tip within the body of the left lateral ventricle. There is edema around the newly placed catheter. Ventricular system grossly stable in size. No evidence of hydrocephalus. Encephalomalacic changes right temporal lobe with expected dilatation right atrium and temporal horn stable. Abnormal T2/FLAIR formation involving the white matter of the right frontal parietal temporal lobes to be related to sequela. Additional scattered foci of T2 propagation in the subcortical periventricular deep white matter nonspecific and may be secondary to small vessel ischemic disease. Abnormal FLAIR signal within the sulci of the right and left cerebral convexities is nonspecific and may be related to artifact from cranioplasty and/or oxygenation. Underlying proteinaceous fluid is not excluded. There is no evidence of acute transcortical infarction. Oral route and nasal route tubes. New fluid in nasopharynx and partial opacification of left mastoid air cells likely secondary to intubation.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes right frontal craniectomy for subdural empyema evacuation. Interval increase in size of extra-axial collection at right frontal craniectomy site. No evidence of abscess. 2. New subdural blood along the anterior falx on the right without significant mass effect or midline shift. 3. Prior meningioma resection. Encephalomalacia of right cerebral hemisphere and cerebellum. 4. Diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement grossly stable. 5. Abnormal FLAIR signal within the sulci is nonspecific and may be related to artifact from cranioplasties or oxygenation. Proteinaceous fluid is not excluded. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.