Diseases: ['empyema', 'meningitis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

Along the peripheral margin of the right frontal resection cavity there are multiple areas of extra-axial restricted diffusion with associated susceptibility the most prominent of which is adjacent to the right frontal pole measuring 2.5 x 2.2 cm in axial plane immediately adjacent to a frontal bone fracture with faint peripheral enhancement and modest T1 shortening on precontrast imaging. Similar 1 cm lesion is present adjacent to the right middle frontal gyrus image 20 series 9 and right frontal peri-insular intra-axial lesion with similar characteristics measuring up to 1.8 cm image 17 series 9. Another rim enhancing lesion with faint internal restricted diffusion in peripheral susceptibility right temporal lobe measuring 2.9 x 1.1 cm. There is diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement with leptomeningeal enhancement adjacent to the region of prior craniotomy most prominent adjacent to the right frontal lobe. Nonspecific faint FLAIR hyperintensity noted scattered within multiple sulci. Left parieto-occipital greater than right occipital subdural hematomas noted. There are multiple foci of susceptibility scattered throughout the brain within the subcortical deep white matter corpus callosum fornix in a pattern characteristic of diffuse axonal injury. Extensive T1 shortening on precontrast imaging is noted consistent with laminar necrosis. Nonspecific restricted diffusion is noted within the right caudate and putamen with associated FLAIR hyperintensity. There is nonspecific cerebral edema within the frontal lobe parietal lobe and anterior temporal lobe without appreciable mass effect. No ventriculomegaly. No midline shift. Patent cisterns. Frontal ethmoidal sphenoidal and maxillary ankles changes are noted. Bilateral mastoid fluid noted. Postsurgical changes from prior left frontal LICOX catheter noted. Postsurgical changes related to right frontotemporoparietal craniectomy.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post right frontotemporoparietal craniectomy and right frontal mass resection with multiple predominately extra-axial right frontotemporal regions of restricted diffusion with associated susceptibility and rim-enhancement. While there is a component of hemorrhage within these lesions the most conspicuous of these lesions is adjacent to the right frontal pole adjacent to a region of prominent leptomeningeal enhancement. Findings are concerning for right frontal subdural empyema with associated meningitis. 2. Multicompartmental hemorrhage. Cannot exclude superinfection of hemorrhagic lesions. 3. T2/FLAIR abnormality in the adjacent white matter is non-specific and may be related to prior trauma and/or encephalitis. Right caudate and putaminal ischemia likely sequelae of hypoperfusion with superimposed abnormal autoregulation. 4. Sequelae of diffuse axonal injury as above.