Diseases: ['hematoma', 'empyema']
FINDINGS:

There are postsurgical changes related to left-sided craniotomy for evacuation of prior left convexity subdural hematoma and empyema. There is nonspecific left greater than right convexity pachymeningeal enhancement. There is decreasing scalp edema. Subjacent to the craniotomy site there is a persistent left extra-axial fluid collection with associated blood products measuring up to 7 mm; there are small foci of susceptibility on T1 weighted and T2 weighted imaging within this fluid collection likely reflective of gas which is nonspecific. Presence of blood products within this collection limits assessment of diffusion characteristics. There is persistent mass effect on the adjacent left parietal lobe and to a lesser degree left frontal lobe. There is continued however somewhat decreased leptomeningeal enhancement in the left frontal and parietal regions with decreasing adjacent edema in the left frontoparietal region. Stable to slight decrease in prominence of left frontal subdural fluid collection measuring up to 6 mm in maximal thickness with similar mild subjacent mass effect. No territorial regions of restricted diffusion. Similar scattered FLAIR hyperintensities within the subcortical and deep white matter nonspecific however probably reflective of microvascular ischemic changes. No ventriculomegaly. Mild prominence of retrocerebellar CSF cisterns likely reflective of a cisterna magna variant. Mild nonspecific heterogeneous appearance of the imaged marrow of the clivus and upper cervical spine not significantly changed from prior exam. Similar mild mucosal changes most prominent in the ethmoid region. Similar layering secretions within the sphenoid sinus. Imaged orbits are unremarkable. Trace fluid bilateral mastoid air cells. Similar T1/T2 hypointense soft tissue prominence in the left occipital scalp for which correlation with physical examination is recommended.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes related to prior left-sided craniotomy for evacuation of subdural hematoma and empyema. Persistent extra-axial fluid collection adjacent to craniotomy site with blood products as well as foci of gas with subjacent mass effect and nonspecific left greater than right pachymeningeal enhancement. There is decreasing however persistent leptomeningeal enhancement as well as decreasing left frontoparietal edema. 2. Similar left frontal subdural fluid collection with mild adjacent mass effect. 3. Heterogeneous decreased bone marrow signal of clivus and upper cervical spine on T1 weighted images. This is a nonspecific finding and can be seen in association with anemia other myeloproliferative disorders infiltrative processes and chronic hypoxic state including smoking. Clinical correlation is recommended. 4. Similar soft tissue prominence left occipital scalp. Correlate with physical exam.