Diseases: ['empyema', 'empyema', 'meningitis', 'cerebritis', 'empyema', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

There is a somewhat loculated right subdural fluid collection(s) which are are proteinacious and have marginal enhancement consistent with empyema. Peripheral thick dural enhancement ofright cerebral hemisphere is present including along thetentorium and right aspect of the falx cerebri. Additionallythere is diffuse leptomeningeal enhancement throughout the rightcerebral hemisphere. Meningeal enhancement is present over theright cerebellar hemisphere. No definite leptomeningealenhancement is demonstrated in the left cerebral or cerebellarhemisphere.There is approximately 4 mm of right to left shift and mass effectupon the body and temporal horn of the right lateral ventricle.The presystolic cisterns remain patent. FLAIR imaging suggestsproteinaceous fluid in the sulci over the right convexity.The right transverse sinus is not well visualized and may behypoplastic congenitally at least some of transverse and/orsigmoid sinus may be thrombosed.In addition there is evidence ofprior surgery right mastoids with T2-bright signal within themastoid remnant as well as enhancement. Single abnormalityextends into right cerebellopontine angle region where there isdocumented bony dehiscence on the CT from 7/6/04. There is nofocal parenchymal harassment at this location. However there isleptomeningeal probable parenchymal harassment in the rightfrontal lobe especially in the anterior inferior frontal lobe andaround olfactory bulb.Additionally there are multiple scattered FLAIR hyperintensitiesin the bilateral subcortical and deep white matter tracts of thecerebral hemispheres and within the brainstem. These are likelysecondary to small vessel ischemic disease in a patient of thisage. Allowing for a mass effect previously described ventricularvolume would otherwise likely be at the upper limits of normal forage consistent with volume loss. There is no acute intracranialhemorrhage.There is diffuse increased T1 signal throughout the marrow of thecalvarium and clivus correlate with any history of radiationtherapy.
IMPRESSION:

1. Probable subdural empyema with dural and leptomeningealinvolvement involving the right cerebral hemisphere and rightposterior fossa over cerebellar hemisphere.2. Minimal parenchymal signal abnormality and enhancement rightfrontal lobe adjacent to abnormal meninges and probable empyema especially in region of olfactory bulb. These and above findingsare suggestive of meningitis cerebritis and empyema. Please seeabove for details.3. Hypoplastic right transverse sinus but evidence of priormastoid surgery with a bony defect and likely inflammatorychanges mastoid remnant possible thrombosis distaltransverse/sigmoid sinus . Uncertain date of temporal bonesurgery correlate for mastoid disease as source of intracranialinfection.4. Sequelae of probable chronic small vessel ischemic disease.there are no comparison studies prior to CT dated 7/6/04.Discussed with Dr. Hasbani at 1250 hours 07JUL2004.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation