Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

There is abnormal T2 prolongation seen throughout the subarachnoid spaces in the brain. This is noted throughout almost all the sulci and cisterns. Much of this abnormal signal demonstrates restricted diffusion. Following contrast enhancement there is diffuse leptomeningeal enhancement. Overall findings are consistent with meningitis. There is also increased signal on T2 weighted sequences as well as swelling along the cortex of the right frontal lobe right parietal lobe to a lesser degree the left frontal lobe. These areas demonstrate intrinsic T1 shortening as well as restricted diffusion. Overall findings are highly concerning for encephalitis with suspicion of petechial hemorrhage. Please note these findings have progressed since outside MRI study. Opacification of the left mastoid air cells with suggestion of cortical breakthrough. The adjacent transverse and sigmoid sinus demonstrates no opacification on postcontrast sequences. Findings likely represent mastoiditis with associated sinus thrombosis. There is also a left sided subdural collection which does not restrict on diffusion weighted sequences. This may represent a subdural effusion versus chronic subdural hematoma. Given the lack of restriction empyema is unlikely. Along the left parietal lobe there is a large area of gyriform signal abnormality which has a central vascular pedicle. There is what appears to be a cleft of fluid circumscribing much of this gyriform signal abnormality. This cleft may represent CSF. This region demonstrates no restriction on diffusion weighted sequences. Findings may represent large area of necrosis. Foci of T2 prolongation in the centrum semi ovale with corresponding restricted diffusion. These likely represent perivascular spaces with purulent material. Generalized cerebral edema does cause mass effect with effacement of the basilar cisterns and deformity of the midbrain. Cerebellar tonsils lie below the foramen magnum which may be secondary to the cerebral edema. Visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left mastoiditis with likely cortical breakthrough and left transverse/sigmoid sinus thrombosis. 2. Meningoencephalitis. See above. Left subdural collection likely subdural effusion. No restricted diffusion within the subdural collection to suggest empyema. 3. Findings concerning for large area of necrosis involving the left parietal lobe. Please see above. 4. Effacement of the basilar cisterns with deformity of the midbrain. 5. Findings discussed with Dr. Lang from neurosurgery.