Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There are evolving postsurgical changes from prior right hemicraniectomy. Compared to CT of 6/21/13 there has been interval decrease in pneumocephalus in the adjacent bilateral inferior frontal lobes. The air and blood products within the holohemispheric right extra axial fluid collection measures up to 10 mm in maximal thickness. There are contusions in the bilateral inferior frontal lobes with areas of hematoma. There is restricted diffusion in the left inferior frontal lobe likely representing infarction. No restricted diffusion in the extra-axial fluid collections to suggest empyema. There is a small amount of subdural hemorrhage over the anterior frontal lobes. There is subarachnoid hemorrhage with leptomeningeal enhancement over the anterior bifrontal lobes. There is mild dural enhancement over the bilateral cerebral convexities greatest at the bilateral frontal lobes likely reactive from surgery and/or trauma. There are FLAIR/T2 hyperintensities in the bilateral thalami are present likely representing evolving contusions. There is mild effacement of the posterior body of the right lateral ventricle and atrium. The ventricular system similar to recent prior CT demonstrating mild prominence of the lateral ventricles including prominence of the bilateral temporal horns. Basal cisterns are patent. There is right to left midline shift measuring 4 mm similar to recent prior CT. Status post prior left frontal burr hole and ventriculostomy changes. There is opacification of the sphenoid sinuses containing T1 hyperintense contents most consistent with blood products left greater than right. There is mucosal thickening and fluid levels in the ethmoid air cells. Mucosa which thickening is also present in the maxillary sinuses left greater than right and into frontal sinus. Extensive anterior skull base and facial fractures involving the paranasal sinuses are better characterized on prior CT.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving postsurgical changes from prior right hemicraniectomy and evolving contusions and hematomas and extra-axial hemorrhagic changes in and over the bilateral inferior frontal lobes. Focal acute/subacute infarction involving the left inferior frontal lobe. Leptomeningeal enhancement over the anterior bifrontal lobes likely related to subarachnoid hemorrhage. Mild dural enhancement over bilateral cerebral convexities likely reactive from surgery and/or trauma. No restricted diffusion in the extra-axial collections to suggest empyema. 2. Stable prominence of the ventricles compared to recent head CT. 3. Extra-axial fluid collection over the right convexity containing air and blood products measuring up to 10 mm in maximal thickness. 4. Extensive facial and skull base fractures see prior reports for details. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.