Diseases: ['infarction', 'hematoma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There are new confluent regions of restricted diffusion involving the bilateral cerebellar hemispheres vermis right cerebellar peduncle and medial and posterior right pons. These findings are likely keeping with acute/subacute infarcts in this patient with prior cerebellar infarcts. Of note restricted diffusion can be seen in the cortex in ictal/postictal states however signal abnormality in the cerebellum and brainstem is not usually seen with seizure activity. There is associated increased FLAIR signal abnormality likely representing edema however the fourth ventricle is unchanged in size shape and configuration. There is no tonsillar herniation. Redemonstration of a evolving right temporal lobe parenchymal hematoma which measures 2.4 x 4.4 cm and with surrounding vasogenic edema which is causing stable moderate narrowing of the right temporal horn. There is a small subdural collection overlying the right lateral cerebral convexity measuring 4 mm and which demonstrates restricted diffusion and probably represents a subdural hematoma. Empyema could also demonstrate restricted diffusion however this is felt to be less likely given patient's clinical history. There is diffuse FLAIR signal abnormality in the sulci of the bilateral cerebral hemispheres left greater than right which probably represents blood as there is susceptibility artifact and restricted diffusion in some of the involved sulci particularly seen in the bilateral parietal and occipital lobes medially. Patient is intubated and FLAIR signal abnormality in the sulci can be seen with high oxygen administration however this is favored to be less likely. Old left corona radiata infarct with associated ex vacuo dilatation of the left frontal horn. Partial opacification of the ethmoid air cells otherwise visualized paranasal sinuses are essentially clear. Bilateral mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multifocal regions of restricted diffusion in bilateral cerebellar hemispheres vermis right middle cerebellar peduncle right pons and right medulla most likely representing acute/subacute infarcts. A differential consideration is moderate PRES which has progressed to infarction. 2. Areas of restricted diffusion in occipital lobes likely additional acute/subacute infarcts; see above discussion. 3. Evolving right temporal lobe parenchymal hematoma with surrounding vasogenic edema which is causing stable moderate narrowing of the right temporal horn. 4. Small right lateral convexity subdural hematoma.