Diseases: ['hematoma', 'encephalitis', 'hydrocephalus', 'hematoma', 'empyema']
FINDINGS:

There is a large heterogeneous lesion in right occipital region which appears to be extra-axial based on presence of inwardly displaced cortex best seen on series 2 image 19. The signal intensity is heterogeneous and is more consistent with combination of acute blood subacute blood and fluid. No solid or rim enhancement. No DWI hyperintensity. There is significant effacement of the occipital horn and atrium of right lateral ventricle. There is abnormal DWI signal in the right occipital lobe (series 6 image 21) involving cortex. There is also abnormal FLAIR signal in the cerebral sulci and a suggestion of enhancement in the leptomeninges. There is redemonstration of subdural fluid collection along the right frontal convexity measuring about 7 mm in maximum diameter with foci of T1 hyperintensity in posterior aspect likely representing more acute blood. There is some dural enhancement overlying this collection. There is also a tiny extra-axial fluid collection in right aspect of the posterior fossa. There is unchanged effacement of right cerebral hemisphere and unchanged 8mm leftward midline shift with associated subfalcine herniation. Redemonstration of asymmetric dilatation of left lateral ventricle including temporal horn likely due to trapping. There is FLAIR hyperintensity adjacent to the margins of left lateral ventricle which can be indicative of transependymal CSF flow. Multiple foci of T2-FLAIR hyperintensity in subcortical deep and periventricular white matter nonspecific. The intracranial flow voids are normal. The calvarium is normal. The orbits are normal. The paranasal sinuses are normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. The hyperdense mass visible on CT corresponds to a focal subdural hematoma underneath the occipital lobe. 2. The adjacent hypodense mass visible on CT corresponds to a non-enhancing heterogeneous subdural mass also underneath the occipital lobe. Differential includes a fluid collection containing protein and blood vs. non-enhancing tumor. A tumor might explain the hemorrhage. However the possibility of subdural infection/empyema should be considered despite the negative DWI given the apparent edema in the overlying occipital lobe perhaps reflecting encephalitis. Leptomeningeal signal and enhancement also raise the concern for meningoencephalitis. 3. There is significant mass effect with midline shift and mild hydrocephalus on the left. 4. Right frontal subdural fluid collection measuring 7 mm in width. Differential includes proteinaceous effusion chronic subdural hematoma and early empyema.