Diseases: ['cerebritis']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes are redemonstrated from prior left frontotemporal craniotomy for evacuation of a subdural empyema. There is a trace extra-axial fluid collection adjacent to the craniotomy site similar in appearance to prior exam. Redemonstrated is abnormal T1 hypointense marrow signal with cortical resorption within the left frontal bone just superior to the left frontal sinus with a similar focal region of rind-like enhancement measuring up to 2.8 cm consistent with osteomyelitis which is unchanged; there is extension of these inflammatory changes into the left subgaleal soft tissues which is unchanged. Sequestrum within this region of osteomyelitis is better appreciated on prior CTs. There is adjacent pachymeningeal and to lesser degree leptomeningeal enhancement immediately posterior to the left frontal bone and along the craniotomy site which is nodular in some regions probably reflective of a combination of postsurgical and inflammatory/infectious changes similar in appearance to prior exam. There is adjacent edema predominantly along the mid and anterior aspects of the left frontal lobe extending from the subcortical to the periventricular white matter and to the lateral margin of the genu of corpus callosum; when compared to prior exam there is slight interval decrease in mass-effect as well as decreased in midline shift currently measuring approximately 3 mm on the current exam. Within this region of edema there are 3 discrete enhancing lesions which have slightly decreased in conspicuity from prior exam the largest of which is slightly lobulated and demonstrates rim enhancement central restricted diffusion as well as a small amount of susceptibility compatible with an abscess; it measures approximately 1.4 x 1.1 cm in axial plane and 1.2 cm craniocaudally previously measuring 1.7 x 1.6 x 1.5 cm. There is no frank restricted diffusion associated with the other two smaller lesions which could represent small abscesses versus foci of late cerebritis. There is nonspecific unchanged FLAIR hyperintensity along the left hemispheric sulci/gyri which may nonspecific however represent proteinaceous debris related to meningoencephalitis. No new regions of parenchymal enhancement are detected. There are no territorial regions of restricted diffusion. There is no ventriculomegaly. Intracranial vascular flow voids are within normal limits for exam technique. Small cavum septum pellucidum et vergae. Post surgical changes redemonstrated from prior turbinectomies antrectomies and sphenoidotomy with persistent frontal ethmoidal opacification; there is T1 shortening of the products within the ethmoid air cells on the right and left aspect sphenoid sinus consistent with entrapped proteinaceous debris and/or fungal elements. There is persistent abnormal marrow signal within the walls of the maxillary sinuses and sphenoid sinus probably reflective of sclerotic changes related to chronic sinus inflammation similar to prior exams.
IMPRESSION:

1. Overall decrease in edema and mass-effect associated with left frontal cerebritis and abscesses with interval decrease in conspicuity of persistent abscesses. Unchanged meningeal enhancement and FLAIR hyperintensity within the left frontoparietal sulci/gyri probably reflective of a combination of postsurgical change as well as sequela of meningoencephalitis. 2. Overall unchanged appearance of sequela of left frontal osteomyelitis with persistent left subgaleal enhancement. 3. Extensive sequela from prior sinonasal surgeries and sinonasal inflammatory changes as detailed. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.