Diseases: ['meningitis', 'meningitis', 'meningitis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

There is no diffusion restriction. There is mild nonspecific FLAIR hyperintensity along the medial aspects of the frontal lobes bilaterally. No discrete extra axial fluid collections are identified. There are no focal regions of mass effect. There is diffuse nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement. There is mild inferior displacement of the frontal lobe and the optic chiasm as can be seen in the setting of intracranial hypotension. There is no suspicious parenchymal enhancement. There is no ventriculomegaly. Nonspecific subcortical deep white matter and periventricular T2/FLAIR hyperintensities. Intracranial vascular flow signals are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes from prior ethmoidectomies turbinectomies and medial maxillary antrostomies. Prominent increased T2 signal is noted within the right aspect sphenoid sinus which suppresses on FLAIR sequences which is hypointense on T1-weighted imaging tracking along the superior aspect of the right posterior nasal cavity. There is no evidence of an encephalocele. There is mild nonspecific enhancement of the the nasal mucosa and right sphenoid mucosa. There is a 5-mm rim enhancing focus just lateral to the right cribriform plate favored to be extracranial and likely representing mucosal enhancement versus less likely an extra-axial intracranial lesion. Imaged globes optic nerves and remainder of the orbital structures are unremarkable Nonspecific fluid within the right mastoid air cells. Calvarial marrow signal is within normal limits.
IMPRESSION:

1. Inferior displacement of the frontal lobes and optic chiasm as can be seen in the setting of intracranial hypotension. Diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement may represent a combination of intracranial hypotension and/or sequela of bacterial meningitis. There is no convincing evidence of a subdural empyema or intracranial abscess. 2. Prominent amount of fluid within the right sphenoid sinus with asymmetric enhancement of the right sphenoid sinus tracking along the adjacent nasal mucosa with signal characteristics similar to that of CSF fluid. There is no evidence of encephalocele. Radionuclide cisternography may helpful for further CSF leak localization when clinically able. 3. 5-mm rim enhancing focus just lateral to the right cribriform plate favored to be extracranial and likely representing mucosal enhancement versus less likely an extra-axial intracranial lesion. 4. Unremarkable MR appearance of the orbital contents. 5. Mild FLAIR hyperintensity along the sulci and gyri in the medial aspect of the frontal lobes bilaterally. While this may be artifactual this may be seen in the setting of high FiO2 administration or may represent sequela of known meningitis. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: Despite absence of effacement of the suprasellar cistern and significant inferior displacement of the cerebellar tonsils (the cerebellar tonsils are at the level of the foramen magnum without effacement of local CSF spaces) the diffuse regular pachymeningeal thickening enhancement in this clinical setting could represent intracranial hypotension with acceptable potential associated component of sequela of prior bacterial meningitis. However chronic meningitis cannot be excluded. please correlate clinically. Neoplastic infiltration would be less likely. There is prominent heterogeneous enhancing pituitary gland. While this could in part be seen in the setting of intracranial hypotension as clinically warranted dedicated MRI study of the pituitary region could add further information. I agreed that the opacification of the right sphenoid sinus by a CSF-like fluid tracking from the adjacent nasal mucosa is of concern for CSF leak with highly suspicious site at the right ethmoidal fovea region however the origin of the leak cannot be accurately determined by the present study. Radionuclide cisternography may helpful for further CSF leak localization as clinically warranted. No intra-cranial air pockets seen at this time. If follow-up MRI is considered highly T2-weighted sequences such as FIESTA or CISS could be helpful on coronal plane at the area of interest. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.