Diseases: ['empyema', 'cerebritis']
FINDINGS:

There is an area of the vasogenic edema in the right temporoparietal regions exerting mass effect and resulting in 14 mm right-to-left midline shift. There is no associated enhancement in this area which is also T1 hypointense. Imaging appearance is concerning for an underlying unenhancing mass. There is no associated restricted diffusion. There is also evidence of right uncal herniation. Multiple extraaxial fluid collections are present within the right hemisphere that are T1 hypointense T2 hyperintense consistent with subacute hematomas. The patient is status post right craniotomy for multiple evacuations as given in the clinical history. There is dural T2 hyperintensity thickening and enhancement right greater than left hemisphere likely related to the subdural collections. The calvarium is normal in marrow signal. The orbital contents are grossly unremarkable. The mastoid air cells and visualized paranasal sinuses are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Area of vasogenic edema in the right temporoparietal region exerting mass effect resulting in right-to-left midline shift of 14 mm and right uncal herniation. Imaging appearance is concerning for an underlying unenhancing mass lesion. Comparison with prior studies from outside institution would be greatly helpful.2. Multiple extra axial subacute hematomas in the right hemisphere.The findings are of cerebral herniation were discussed with Dr. Foley during the acquisition of the examination and the remainder of the study immediately upon completion of the study. Attending interpretation: Modification of above report. There is evidence of right sided craniotomy with multiple extra-axial fluid collections along the right cerebral hemisphere. The anterior and posterior extra-axial collections do not demonstrate restricted diffusion. There is however restricted diffusion within the extraaxial collection along the right posterior frontal lobe (series 89 image 5). There is associated thick dural enhancement along the right convexity. Findings are concerning for empyema in this location. Also in the right extraaxial space anterior to the collection that demonstrates restricted diffusion is material that is intrinsicly T1 hyperintense. This may represent blood product. Within the right cerebral sulci is abnormal hyperintense signal on FLAIR sequence which may represent proteinaceous material. Along the right posterior frontal lobe there is extensive T2 hyperintense signal within the subcortical and deep white matter. This does cause in combination with the extraaxial collection mass effect and approximately 1.4 cm of right to left midline shift. This area of abnormal signal demonstrates no restriction on diffusion weighted sequence or significant parenchymal enhancement on gadolinium enhanced sequences. Differential considerations include focal area of venous ischemia versus focal cerebritis. As mentioned above there is focal area of right uncal herniation which may explain patient's right cranial nerve 3 deficit. Findings were discussed with Dr. Gordon Baltuc from neurosurgery at time of attending interpretation.