Diseases: ['infarction', 'meningitis', 'empyema']
FINDINGS:

An area of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity is seen within the left lentiform nucleus extending through the posterior limb of the left internal capsule and into the caudate body. There is associated restricted diffusion consistent with acute infarction. No other areas of restricted diffusion are seen. A thin extraaxial fluid collection is seen overlying the right cerebral hemisphere wihout significant mass effect. Abormal signal is noted throughout the subarachnoid space. Multiple stable T2 hypointense enhancing extra-axial mass lesions are noted within the left frontal left parietal and right temporal lobes as well as near the foramen magnum. The largest is posterior to the clivus just right of midline similar in size and appearance to the prior examination. Persistent mass effect is noted upon the brainstem. Mild enhancement is again noted in the internal auditory canals left greater than right unchanged from prior examination. No new areas of enhancement. No ventriculomegaly or extra-axial fluid collection. No acute hemorrhage.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute infarction involving the posterior limb of the left internal capsule and left basal ganglia as detailed. 2. Abormal signal is noted within the subarachnoid space which may can be secondary to oxygen administration or anesthetic agents however with this degree of involvement and in this clincal setting meningitis and subarachnoid blood should be considered. 3. Thin subdural collection overlying the right cerebral hemisphere. This does not have the character for blood on T1 or marked diffusion restriction on ADC to suggest empyema. The combination of a new infarct subdural and abnormal FLAIR could be explained by infection but the lack of significant enhancment argues against that disgnosis. Follow up is recommended. 3. Findings compatible with a diagnosis of neurofibromatosis with multiple intracranial extra-axial masses which likely represent stable meningiomas. 4. Faint enhancement in the internal auditory canals which may represent small schwannomas are unchanged. These findings were discussed with Dr. Whitmore at 2:43pm on 8/19/2007.