Diseases: ['empyema']
FINDINGS:

T1-bright extra-axial fluid is seen of a right temporal occipital convexity and extending under the inferior temporal lobe in the middle cranial fossa also over the right cerebellar convexity pattern most consistent with subdural collection with high protein content and possibly evolving blood. This is much better seen than on comparison CT. There is at most 1-2 mm midline shift to the left and there is sulcal effacement on the right and minimal effacement right lateral ventricle but no marked global mass effect or evidence of herniation. There is ex vacuo dilatation of the left lateral ventricle and encephalomalacic changes which appear roughly watershed in pattern probably chronic ischemic change. Note is however made of T1-bright cortical signal left frontal region which suggests laminar necrosis appeared dense on CT and may be more recent perhaps superimposed on more chronic ischemic change. No evidence of territorial ischemia on the diffusion-weighted images but diffusion may be slightly decreased in left frontal lobe near area of laminar necrosis such that this may represent a more recent (days to weeks) infarct left frontal region. Gradient echo images confirm blood products in this location as well is over the right convexity. Diffusion images show minimal increased intensity in the extra-axial collection as well could represent evolving blood products but cannot entirely exclude infected material. Subacute and chronic ischemic changes on the left have appeared since April 10 2000 CT head as have the findings on the right. There is a small focus of decreased diffusion inferior right temporal lobe (series 9 image 75) uncertain if small focus of ischemia in this location versus blood in sulcus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extra-axial protein rich fluid and perhaps evolving blood right temporal and occipital and to a lesser extent frontal and cerebellar convexities consistent with evolving subdural hemorrhage cannot entirely exclude infection. Correlate for recent trauma and/or coagulopathy. 2. Chronic probable watershed ischemia left hemisphere with possible superimposed more recent ischemic change with laminar necrosis left frontal lobe with at least some recent blood products is confirmed on recent CT these findings have appeared since April of 2000. 3. Small diffusion-bright focus inferior right temporal lobe suspect blood in sulcus cannot entirely exclude small focus of ischemia in this location. Recommend follow to insure resolution of extra-axial collections correlate clinically for potential infection or empyema. Enhanced imaging with MR or CT may or may not add further detail. Discussed with Dr. Merkow neurosurgery 1300 hours.