Diseases: ['empyema', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

As seen on the recent prior MRI there are bilateral cerebral convexity subdural hematomas (left larger than right) as well as subdural blood layering along the right tentorial leaflet and about the right cerebellum. Portions of the subdural collections restrict on diffusion weighted imaging including the left superior frontal component and to a lesser degree the right superior frontal and right temporal operculum components. Flair sequence demonstrates CSF sulcal hyperintensity throughout the bilateral cerebral hemispheres most pronounced within the superior frontal lobes and superior parietal lobes. With contrast there is leptomeningeal enhancement corresponding to the previously described areas of CSF sulcal signal abnormality as well as dural enhancement remote from the regions of subdural fluid. GRE sequence demonstrates hemosiderin staining of the dura throughout the bilateral cerebral hemispheres as well as involving the interhemispheric falx and tentorial leaflets. While the presence of blood products within a subdural collection may confound its DWI signal the finding of restricting subdural collections taken in the context of leptomeningeal and pachymeningeal enhancement are strongly concerning for infected subdural collections (empyema) and meningitis respectively. Nonenhancing T2/flair hyperintense signal abnormality involving the subcortical white matter of the anterior temporal lobes are nonspecific and may reflect the sequela of remote insult. There is no parenchymal abscess mass hemorrhage or midline shift. Cerebral volume is age-appropriate. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. There is marked atrophy of the suboccipital and paraspinal musculature as well as muscles of mastication consistent with the patient's known diagnosis of muscular dystrophy. Several subcutaneous soft tissue nodules are seen about the suboccipital scalp likely sebaceous cysts. Bilateral lens prostheses are in place. Moderate retention cysts present within the bilateral maxillary sinuses. There is complete opacification of the bilateral middle ear cavities and mastoid air cells. Correlate clinically for signs of otomastoiditis. Partially imaged bilateral parotid masses which are better characterized on the recent prior MRI neck performed the same day to which were referred.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bilateral cerebral convexity subdural hematomas (left larger than right) demonstrating diffusion restrictivity about the superior left frontal component and to a lesser degree about the superior right frontal lobe and about the right temporal operculum components. CSF sulcal signal abnormality with associated leptomeningeal enhancement throughout the bilateral cerebral hemispheres most pronounced within the superior frontal lobes and superior parietal lobes. Dural thickening and enhancement most conspicuous in regions remote from the subdural collections. Findings taken in conjunction are strongly concerning for infected subdural collections (empyema) and meningitis respectively. Source of infection may be related to the complete opacification of the bilateral mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities. No parenchymal abscess mass or hemorrhage seen. 2. Nonenhancing subcortical white matter signal abnormality involving the bilateral anterior temporal lobes is nonspecific and may reflect the sequela of remote insult.