Diseases: ['empyema', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Again seen are postsurgical changes from left pterional craniotomy and surgical ligation of left MCA aneurysm. Magnetic susceptibility is seen corresponding to the surgical clip as well as to a left frontal bone fragment from the now withdrawn Licox catheter. There is mild persistent left scalp edema. Since the prior head CT the right frontal ventriculostomy has been repositioned as denoted by small quantities of intraventricular gas. The tip has advanced through the floor of the third ventricle past the midbrain and into the posterolateral left pons. In addition to expected edema along the course of the catheter tract there is a trace focus of restricted diffusion along the superficial segment of the catheter (series 5 image 87 and series 6 image 27). Though it is conceivable that this finding represents blood product a small quantity of pus is suspected given the history of pus draining from the catheter and faint enhancement along the catheter tract. In the right subdural space (series 4 image 41) there is a small quantity of FLAIR increase with mild restricted diffusion which is consistent with subdural empyema. Areas of intrinsic T1 shortening and increased flair signal in the bilateral opercula (left greater than right) do not have definite restricted diffusion associated with them and are favored to represent trace residual blood products rather than pus. There is no imaging finding of ventriculitis or parenchymal/extraaxial abscess. The ventricles are decompressed representing improvement from the head CT of November 2 2009. Periventricular signal increase may in part reflect transependymal flow of CSF from prior hydrocephalus. Gyriform swelling is seen throughout the cortex of the left hemisphere. There is also abnormal increased signal within the subcortical left occipital white matter the left basal ganglia left thalamus and left midbrain. There is no definite restricted diffusion within these locations but there is avid enhancement. Collectively these findings are indicative of subacute (&gt; 7 days old) left hemisphere infarctions as suggested on prior head CT examinations most likely from vasospasm. Additionally scattered punctate T2 signal abnormality is seen in the periventricular and deep white matter possibly the sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage midline shift or basil cistern effacement. Apart from the probable tiny right frontal subdural empyema no extraaxial collection is present. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Right frontal ventriculostomy has advanced through floor of the third ventricle into the pons and should be pulled back.2. Ventricles are decompressed representing improvement from prior CT examination. 3. Enhancement with focal restricted diffusion along the right frontal ventriculostomy catheter tract suspicious for pus/infection given the history. Probable small right frontal empyema. Residual intrinsic T1 shortening in the bilateral opercula is without definitive restricted diffusion and is distant from the right frontal ventriculostomy. Favor residual subarachnoid blood over subarachnoid pus. No cerebral abscess or ventriculitis. 4. Subacute infarcts involving much of the left hemispheric cortex as well as the left thalamus basal ganglia and midbrain. 5. Status post left pterional craniotomy with surgical clipping of left MCA aneurysm. Findings discussed briefly with Dr. Stiefel at 8:04 PM and in more detail with Dr. Bohman at 9:12 PM 11/4/09.Attending review: Agree with above. Note that there is restricted diffusion in the inferior aspect of the left basal ganglia extending into the left midbrain and pons.