Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Post surgical changes redemonstrated from prior right parietal craniotomy for evacuation of a subdural hematoma. There is a thin persistent right convexity subdural collection present in measuring up to 3 mm in maximal thickness which has decreased from prior MR. There is nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement about this fluid collection and adjacent to the craniotomy site. Susceptibility within this fluid collection likely indicative of blood products. There is similar FLAIR hyperintensity along the adjacent parietal sulci with questionable hemosiderin staining possibly indicative of prior subarachnoid blood products. There is a new left cerebral convexity subdural hematoma (when compared to prior MR) which measures up to 8 mm in maximal thickness with small parafalcine/left tentorial component. There is associated mild adjacent mass effect on the adjacent parenchyma and left lateral ventricle with approximately 3 mm of left to right midline shift. There is mild pachymeningeal enhancement adjacent to the hematoma which is nonspecific. There is suggestion of leptomeningeal enhancement adjacent to left frontal lobe superiorly (images 15 through 20 series 10) with gyriform FLAIR hyperintensity diffusely throughout the left frontal lobe superiorly (which is more conspicuous on postcontrast FLAIR imaging). Questionable small focus of restricted diffusion adjacent to the left precentral gyrus (image 97 series 5) which appears extra-axial and is within an area of susceptibility. There is adjacent nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement about the left cerebral convexity. No territorial regions of restricted diffusion. There are similar multiple patchy foci of FLAIR hyperintensity within the left frontoparietal corona radiata and right parieto-occipital corona radiata/periventricular white matter probably reflective of sequela of prior ischemic events. Few other nonspecific punctate foci of FLAIR hyperintensity within the deep white matter likely represents sequela of microvascular ischemic changes. Punctate focus of encephalomalacia within the left cerebral hemisphere from prior infarct. There is no ventriculomegaly. There is no midline shift. There is nonspecific bilateral mastoid fluid which is similar to prior exam. Mild ethmoidal sphenoidal and maxillary mucosal changes. Suggestion of decreased marrow signal on T1-weighted images.
IMPRESSION:

1. New left cerebral convexity fluid collection consistent with known new subdural hematoma with mass effect as detailed. Pachymeningeal enhancement adjacent to this hematoma and focus restricted diffusion along its superomedial aspect are nonspecific. While there are no definite imaging signs to suggest empyema there is prominent gyriform FLAIR signal hyperintensity within the left frontal lobe and tracks along the sulci with leptomeningeal enhancement. While this gyriform FLAIR signal abnormality is probably reactive secondary to the adjacent subdural hematoma other considerations would include seizure activity versus less likely early cerebritis/meningitis. 2. Interval decrease in size of right convexity subdural products in patient status post right parietal craniotomy. 3. The bone marrow signal is diffusely decreased on T1 weighted images. This is a nonspecific finding and can be seen in association with anemia other myeloproliferative disorders infiltrative processes and chronic hypoxic state including smoking. Clinical correlation is recommended.