Diseases: ['cerebritis', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There is interval development of bilateral tentorial left posterior parafalcine and occipital and bilateral poster fossa small subdural collections. There is no dural thickening or increased enhancement but giving patient's abscesses and ventriculitis this is concerning for possible developing subdural empyema. Absence of diffusion weighted images limits evaluation. Multiple bilateral rim enhancing parenchymal lesions in the right temporoparietal right occipital left temporal and left temporo-occipital regions as well as posterior to the left lateral ventricle atrium demonstrate decrease in size of enhancing portions when compared to prior MRI dated 12/10/09. The right occipital and temporal lesion demonstrates decrease in associated signal abnormality. However the left temporal and occipital lobes demonstrate more confluent area of T2 prolongation extend into the atrium as compared to 12/10/09. This is concerning for cerebritis associated with abscesses and ventriculitis. No new lesions are seen when compared to the prior examination. There is continued enhancement of the bilateral ventricles involving the occipital horn and atrium on the left and occipital horn on the right. Flair hyperintense material is noted layering in the anterior portion of the left occipital horn. These findings areconsistent with ventriculitis. A right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter is again seen terminating within the cavum septum pellucidum. There is a small amount of hemorrhage again seen along the proximal course of the catheter. There stable small amount of intraventricular blood layering in the occipital horns of the right ventricles. The ventricles are enlarged and grossly unchanged in size when compared to prior study from 12/19/09 consistent with communicating hydrocephalus. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage or midline shift. The basal cisterns are patent. There is a small mucous retention cyst is again seen in the inferior left maxillary sinus. There is patchy fluid opacification of the right mastoid air cells. Minimal fluid is noted to end the left mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval development of bilateral posterior fossa tentorial left posterior parafalcine and left occipital subdural collections. While there is no dural thickening or abnormal enhancement presence of early empyema cannot be excluded given underlying infectious process. 2. Mild interval decrease in size of enhancing portion of multiple bilateral cerebral abscesses with slight improvement in surrounding edema in the right hemisphere but increasing confluent signal abnormality in the left temporal and occipital concerning for progression of cerebritis. 3. Stable communicating hydrocephalus with continued bilateral ventriculitis left greater than right. The findings were discussed with any knowledge by Dr. Syre at 12:55 pm on 12/21/09.