Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There is left greater than right medial temporal lobe restricted diffusion (series 4 images 14 15). Subtle FLAIR signal abnormality accompanies these findings. Differential for this appearance would include viral (specifically herpes) encephalitis seizure activity and paraneoplastic (limbic) encephalitis. Recommend clinical correlation and consideration of CSF fluid assessment. In the right occipital lobe (series 4 image 14; series 7 image 14) and left frontal cortex (series 4 image 25; series 7 image 25) there are small regions of increased DWI and FLAIR signal increase without clearly demonstrable ADC decrease possibly because of size. There is no mass effect or underlying white matter edema in these locations. Given the findings favored diagnosis is age indeterminate embolic infarcts less likely carcinomatous or infectious meningitis. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. There is no hydrocephalus. The patient is status post endoscopic sinus surgery. There is mucosal thickening throughout the paranasal sinuses with subtotal opacification of the anterior left ethmoid air cells and the right sphenoid sinus. There is partial opacification of mastoid air cells. Nasal and oral route life support tubing is present. Prominent dural calcifications as noted previously.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left greater than right medial temporal lobe signal abnormality. Differential includes herpes encephalitis seizure activity and limbic/paraneoplastic encephalitis. Recommend clinical correlation and CSF analysis. 2. Small foci of signal abnormality in the right occipital and left frontal lobe  the latter cortically based. Given the findings favored explanation is age indeterminate embolic infarcts. Less likely possibilities can also be evaluated by CSF sampling. Chris Christman PA-C informed of findings and recommendations at approximately 8:00 PM 1/5/10. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report without modification.I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.