Diseases: ['meningioma', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Images degraded by motion artifacts. Postoperative changes are noted status post surgical resection of the right cerebellopontine angle meningioma. Suggestion of mild interval increase in the size of residual/recurrent enhancing neoplasm in the region of the right CP angle cistern encroaching the midline that measures approximately 28.3 x 10.4 mm on image 8 of series 9 of the current study compared to prior measurements of approximately 23.4x9.1 mm on image 8 of series 8 of prior MRI from Jan 14 2013 (allowing for slight differences in technique/head positioning). No significant mass effect over underlying brainstem. Again seen plaque-like thickening/ dural tail along the posterior aspect of clivus and posterior to the right petrous ridge. This mass is in close proximity/ possible extension into the right hypoglossal canal and abutting but not encroaching into the right internal auditory canal. Mild increased meningeal type enhancement noted within the right internal auditory canal see image 9 of series 9 that appears slightly increased as compared to the prior study again allowing for differences in technique. This can be further assessed using a dedicated IAC protocol MRI on future followup scans. Enhancing tissue is closely related to the intracranial segment of the nondominant appearing right vertebral artery vertebro-basilar junction proximal basilar artery and perhaps the origin of right AICA see image #19 of series 10 and image #10 of series 3 vessels probably patent. Asymmetric appearance of the right Meckel's cave with possible enhancement finding that was also noted on the prior MRI scan suboptimally evaluated secondary to technique again IAC protocol with thin section images in this region may be of value. Stable postsurgical changes related to more remote right temporal craniotomy for resection of a reported right trigeminal schwannoma with stable cystic encephalomalacia involving the anteroinferior right temporal lobe with stable ex vacuo dilatation of the temporal horn of the right lateral ventricle. There is denervation atrophy of the right muscles of mastication. Stable enhancing and thickened synovium involving the right temporomandibular joint associated degenerative changes also noted on the left side. No interval acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. Improved pneumatization of the paranasal sinuses particularly the left maxillary and sphenoid sinuses. Mastoids appear well pneumatized.
IMPRESSION:

1. Patient is status post resection of right cerebellopontine angle meningioma with findings suggestive of slight interval growth of residual/recurrent neoplasm as described in detail above. 2. Stable findings of more remote right temporal craniotomy with stable cystic encephalomalacia involving the anteroinferior right temporal lobe. 3. Additional findings/ details see above discussion.