Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There is extensive cerebellar volume loss as well as cerebralvolume loss possibly in part reflecting long-standing seizuremedication. However the cerebellar volume loss appears somewhatsignificant and clinical correlation for potentialneurodegenerative processes is recommended. There are foci ofincreased T2/FLAIR signal intensity in the periventricular whitematter nonspecific but possibly related to sequela to thepatient's significant encephalitis as a child. Of note theentire corpus callosum is small in size; however there issignificant volume loss of the anterior body of the corpuscallosum that appears acquired. There is associated ex vacuodilatation of the left lateral ventricle/cavum septum into thearea of substance loss of this portion of the corpus callosum.Just above this there is also suggestion of increased signalintensity in the medial frontal lobes bilaterally that appears toinvolve gray and white matter see images 24-26 series 2. Thereis also increased signal intensity in the posterior left frontallobe images 27 and 28 series 2. There is mild increased signalintensity in the left hippocampus when compared to the right withmild volume loss suggested. There may also be mild increasedsignal intensity in the medial right temporal lobe. Clinicallycorrelate. Diffusion weighted imaging is negative. There is nopathologic parenchymal enhancement.There are mucosal changes in the paranasal sinuses and a fluidlevel in the right maxillary sinus. There is right mastoid sinusopacification most pronounced at the mastoid tip. Both frontal andsphenoid sinuses are hyperaerated. Note is also made of thickeningof the calvarium.
IMPRESSION:

1. Cerebral volume loss and significant cerebellar volume loss.Correlation for a neurodegenerative process is advised.2. Findings suggesting increased signal intensity in thebilateral hippocampi left greater than right with mildassociated volume loss. Clinically correlate.3. Acquired insult long-standing in appearance of the anteriorbody of the corpus callosum as detailed above. There is also highsignal intensity in the medial frontal lobes as above.4. Signal abnormality in the posterior left frontal lobe at theconvexity as above.5. Signal abnormality in the periventricular white matter.6. It is possible that the parenchymal changes may be related tothe patient's known significant encephalitis as a child. However comparison with prior studies performed outside of HUP isessential to assess for interval change.7. Changes in the paranasal sinuses including a fluid level inthe right maxillary sinus for which clinical correlation isadvised. Changes in the right mastoid tip. Clinically correlate.8. Results discussed in detail with Dr. Susan Hermon at the timeof attending interpretation.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation