Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'encephalomalacia', 'gliosis', 'infarction', 'infarction', 'infarction', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

The study is slightly degraded by motion. There are focal areas of encephalomalacia with surrounding gliosis involving the right frontal lobe left parietal lobe right temporo-occipital region and left cerebellum compatible with old infarctions. There is intrinsic gyriform T1 hyperintensity in the right temporo-occipital infarction compatible with laminar necrosis. There may also be some laminar necrosis in the left cerebellar infarction. There is asymmetric mild T2 prolongation with associated mild restricted diffusion involving the posteromedial right thalamus as well as the right hippocampal head body and tail without significant mass effect. Increased T2 signal also noted within the anterior temporal lobes bilaterally. A few additional scattered foci of T2 prolongation throughout the cerebral white matter are nonspecific but likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. No mass effect midline shift or hydrocephalus. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collection. Mild parenchymal volume loss is compatible with age. The sella is partially empty and slightly expanded. On the post-contrast images increased signal in the right temporo-occipital region and left cerebellum are compatible with the laminar necrosis seen on the pre-contrast images. However mild superimposed enhancement within the left cerebellar infarction cannot be excluded. No other areas of pathologic parenchymal enhancement are identified. Mucosal thickening noted throughout the paranasal sinuses. Mastoid air cells are clear. Lens implants noted bilaterally but orbits otherwise unremarkable. There is a small lipoma in the right parietal scalp.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mild signal abnormality and restricted diffusion involving the posteromedial right thalamus and right hippocampus. There is also mild signal abnormality involving the anterior temporal lobes bilaterally. The findings are nonspecific and differential considerations include recent seizure activity and limbic or herpes encephalitis. The pattern of restricted diffusion seems unusual for ischemia and neoplasm is unlikely given lack of mass effect. Clinical correlation and follow-up is recommended and correlation with CSF sampling may be helpful. 2. Multiple old infarctions with encephalomalacia and gliosis as described. Laminar necrosis noted in the right temporo-occipital infarction and possibly left cerebellar infarction. There may also be mild enhancement of the left cerebellar infarction suggesting subacute age. 3. Sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. ATTENDING INTERPRETATION: Agree with the preliminary report. Given the scattered bilateral areas of ischemia/infarction the abnormalities within the posteromedial right thalamus and right hippocampus may reflect a similar ischemic etiology. Please see CTA of head and neck for further evaluation. Recent seizure activity and limbic/herpes encephalitis can have similar imaging patterns. Short-term interval follow-up is recommended.