Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

The signal intensity of the bone marrow skull base greater than calvaria is decreased on T1-weighted images and may indicate treatment-related changes and/or marrow infiltration related to known myeloma. On gradient-echo images there is minimal and slightly asymmetric susceptibility globus pallidus left a little more than right this favors calcifications on the comparison CT as opposed to blood products. No marked edema associated; however there is abnormal increased intensity on T2-weighted and FLAIR images in the globus pallidus bilaterally and there is also mild increased intensity anterior putamen and head of caudate nucleus. Patchy hyperintensities in the periventricular and deep white matter elsewhere are also noted and are nonspecific. The focus in the right corona/centrum semiovale hypodense on prior CT appears malacic on the current MRI and is likely a chronic insult. There are additional foci of susceptibility which are quite small subcortical regions right frontal left occipital and left cerebellar but these are more likely old calcifications or perhaps micro-bleeds and do not exert mass effect likely not acute hemorrhagic foci. On diffusion-weighted images there are foci of decreased diffusion centrum semiovale bilaterally and also in the periatrial white matter. These do not appear to be associated with abnormal susceptibility with the exception of the globus pallidus where there is mild decreased diffusion at the location of the abnormal susceptibility uncertain if real or artifactual diffusion abnormality in this location. Postcontrast images do not show convincing focal enhancement in the parenchyma or involving the meninges. The ventricles and CSF spaces are nearly symmetric and the CSF spaces low normal for age of 58. Diffuse edema questioned and subcortical findings remain concerning but no midline shift and basal cisterns remain well visualized CSF volume could be low-normal for age.
IMPRESSION:

1. The MR findings support more likely mineral left greater than right globus pallidus as opposed to blood and no substantial mass effect associated; however there is abnormal signal intensity on T2-weighted and FLAIR images involving bilateral globus pallidus with slight fullness also caudate and anterior putamen nearby. The deep gray matter involvement could reflect toxic/metabolic cause although current medications not typical for this hypertensive encephalopathy considered but no clinical history to support this. Infectious etiology such as a viral encephalitis or other opportunistic infection is a consideration given immunosuppression. 2. In addition to above periatrial and other scattered signal abnormalities are also noted and some of these show apparent cytotoxic edema. There are some small foci of subcortical susceptibility elsewhere that do not seem to correspond to these areas small subcortical infarcts suspected and cannot exclude fungal involvement such as Aspergillus. Small foci of susceptibility possibly microbleeds are mild in extent and uncertain age also do not match with other signal abnormalities described could be related to low platelets. Followup recommended in approximately one-2 weeks or as clinically warranted.