Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is a small faint focus of restricted diffusion in the subcortical white matter of the left inferior frontal gyrus worrisome for ischemia. No suspicious extra-axial fluid collections. Left anterior parietal encephalomalacia with associated gliosis and ex vacuo ventricular dilatation. Few scattered T2/FLAIR hyperintensities in the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter. No focal regions of mass effect. 1.4 x 0.5-cm right inferior clivus T1 hypointense T2 hyperintense lesion which does not appear to enhance with nonaggressive characteristics on prior CTs. No suspicious parenchymal or meningeal enhancement. Intracranial vascular flow voids are within normal limits. Mild maxillary frontal and ethmoidal sinonasal mucosal changes. Multiple nasopharyngeal mucosal retention cysts are noted. Orbits are within normal limits.
IMPRESSION:

1. Faint restricted diffusion in the subcortical white matter of left inferior frontal gyrus in this patient with aphasia worrisome for ischemia. 2. Multiple T2/FLAIR white matter hyperintensities as above which are nonspecific however may be seen in the setting of chronic microvascular ischemic disease. Focal encephalomalacia in the left parietal lobe may be secondary to prior infarct versus trauma. 3. 1.4-cm right inferior clival lesion as above with nonaggressive CT characteristics differential is broad and would include tumors of chondroid origin versus fibrous dysplasia. Metastasis and myeloma are also considerations given patient age but thought to be less likely given stability over approximately 10 years. A chordoma is thought to be less likely. Dr. DILLI was notified of the above by Dr. Cloran at 2130 hours on 11 August 2011 ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report without modification. Also old infarct in anterior left temporal lobe. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.