Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

MRI brain: No interval focus of restricted diffusion is noted to suggest acute infarction. No interval acute intra-or extra-axial hemorrhage is noted. No abnormal susceptibility is noted. Stable encephalomalacia in the right MCA territory with mild ex vacuo dilatation of the right lateral ventricle likely from interval evolution of old ischemic insult. Thinning and flattening of the right cerebral peduncle from Wallerian degeneration. No extracerebral fluid collection midline shift. mass effect hydrocephalus or effacement of basal cisterns. There is no pathologic enhancement. Visualized paranasal sinuses and bilateral mastoids appear unremarkable. Stable osteoma on the outer table of the right frontal bone. MRA head and neck: There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. Mild diffuse narrowing of the distal M1/M2 segments of the right middle cerebral artery. No regions of focal significant stenosis or sizable aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. Hyperplastic bilateral anterior choroidal arteries. Posterior circulation appears relatively hypoplastic. Bilateral PCOMs visualized. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. A focal short segment stenosis is seen in the proximal right carotid bulb largely unchanged from before. The left internal carotid artery is normal in course and caliber. No evidence of significant stenosis dissection aneurysm/pseudoaneurysm or venous vascular malformation.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable encephalomalacia related to old right MCA infarct with mild diffuse narrowing of the distal M1/M2 segments of the right middle cerebral artery. 2. No acute intracranial pathology. 3. Patency of the neck vasculature. Focal narrowing possibly secondary to an atherosclerotic plaque in the proximal right carotid bulb/ internal carotid artery as described.