Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There is diffuse extensive periventricular and subcortical white matter T2/FLAIR hyperintensity which also involves some portions of the gray matter in the right hemisphere. The area involves portions of the anterior and middle cerebral artery distributions as well as watershed regions. Findings likely represent chronic infarcts affecting the right frontal and parietal lobes involving the anterior circulation. There is no restricted diffusion seen to suggest acute stroke. There is slight asymmetric volume loss between the two cerebral hemispheres with greater volume loss seen on the right likely secondary to encephalomalacia associated with ischemic changes. There is also a focus of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity in the left occipital lobe involving the gray and white matter with associated encephalomalacia also likely representing a small chronic infarct. Other scattered small foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity seen in the left hemisphere may related to small vessel ischemic disease. Evaluation of the flow voids demonstrates diminished flow void of the right M1 segment of the middle cerebral artery in addition to diminished flow voids associated with the more distal branches of the MCA compared to the left MCA circulation. In the posterior circulation the distal portion of the left vertebral artery is not definitively visualized and may terminate as the PICA a normal variant. The rest of the posterior circulation appears grossly normal. No extraaxial fluid collection. There is no mass effect or midline shift. No acute intracranial hemorrhage is seen. After administration of contrast no areas of abnormal proximal enhancement are seen. The calvarium is unremarkable.The orbits are normal. The nasal septum middle and superior turbinates and left uncinate process are missing suggestive of probable sinonasal surgery although changes related to cocaine use are also considered on the differential given the patient's history. There is also mild prominence of the nasopharyngeal soft tissue for the patient's age but no asymmetry is seen to suggest an underlying mass. There is fluid within the mastoid air cells greater on the right than left.
IMPRESSION:

1. Diffuse extensive periventricular and subcortical white matter T2/FLAIR hyperintensity also involving some portions of the gray matter in the right hemisphere in the distribution of the anterior and middle cerebral arteries and watershed areas. Findings are consistent with chronic infarcts affecting the right frontal and parietal lobes involving the anterior circulation with associated volume loss greater on the right secondary to encephalomalacia associated with ischemic changes. Small focus of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity in the left occipital lobe involving the gray and white matter also likely represents a small chronic infarct. No restricted diffusion seen to suggest acute stroke. No acute intraparenchymal hemorrhage. 2. Diminished flow voids of the right M1 segment of the MCA as well as it's more distal branches are consistent with reported intracranial stenosis seen on outside hospital CTA. 3. Prominence of the nasopharyngeal soft tissue given the patient's age but no definite signs of underlying mass. 4. Missing nasal septum middle and superior turbinates and left uncinate process suggestive of probable sinonasal surgery but changes related to cocaine use are also considered on the differential given the patient's history. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.