Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'hydrocephalus', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

Slight interval increase in ventricular size with periventricular T2 hyperintensities suggestive of transependymal spread of CSF appearing findings suspicious for early acute hydrocephalus. T2 hyperintensity along the ventriculostomy catheter which may represent edema and less likely gliosis appearing. Small air pockets along the right parietal ventriculostomy catheter whose tip remains in the left frontal horn. Air in the right frontal horn and left temporal horn likely due to recent intervention or ventriculostomy catheter manipulation. T2 hyperintensity of the medial temporal horns and the optic tracts concerning for edema possibly related to mild hydrocephalus but etiology unknown. Stable appearance of the non-enhancing T2 hyperintense mass in the tectum which surrounds the aqeduct of Sylvius. Appearance and size fairly stable compared to past exams back to November 2000. No significant change in the T1-bright focus in posterior pituitary gland likely represents a proteinaceous cyst and stable back to 12/2003 in appearance and size no impingement on chiasm. Stable bilateral retention cysts in the maxillary sinuses. Diffusion weighted imaging demonstrates no acute ischemia. There is no pathologic enhancement. The proximal vascular structures are normal in appearance.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mild acute or subacute hydrocephalus with transependymal spread of CSF appearing since most recent comparison 4/2007. 2. Air in the ventricular system and along the ventriculostomy catheter likely from recent intervention/manipulation. 3. T2 hyperintensity of the medial temporal horns and the optic tracts possible edema due to hydrocephalus but not typical for this. Correlate for visual disturbance recommend follow up. Encephalitis might have this appearance though no enhancement cannot exclude viral infection. 4. Stable appearance of known tectal glioma and T1-bright pituitary lesion the latter perhaps proteinaceous Rathke's cleft cyst.