Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

The ventricles and CSF spaces are nearly symmetric and minimally prominence but stable and probably top normal for stated age of 71. There are multiple foci of abnormal increased signal intensity on long-TR images in periventricular deep and subcortical white matter. Some of these foci appear encephalomalacic including the probable prior the ICA infarct left inferior cerebellum. No other foci of transcortical encephalomalacia. The deep gray matter structures are also involved. The overall pattern is stable compared to prior. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. There is minimal mucosal thickening maxillary sinuses. Skull orbits and paranasal sinuses are unremarkable otherwise. No foci of acute ischemia on diffusion-weighted images. On gradient echo images there are multiple foci of abnormal susceptibility above and below the tentorium but these appear relatively stable. Pituitary gland is stable in size. Evaluation of the cervical spine reveals straightening some of which may be positional but there are degenerative disc which are worst at C4 through C7 levels. Cervical cord shows normal caliber and signal intensity. Single intensity of the bone marrow is within normal limits. Specific findings by level are as follows: C2/3: No significant canal or foraminal narrowing. C3/4: Mild right more than left uncovertebral joint hypertrophy and posterior osseous ridging with mild right foraminal narrowing though significant spinal stenosis. C4/5: Moderate to marked narrowing of the disc with mild posterior osseous ridging and posterior ligamentous hypertrophy. There is uncovertebral joint hypertrophy right greater than left which is moderate in degree with bilateral moderate foraminal narrowing and mild spinal stenosis overall. C5/6: Moderate to marked narrowing of the disc with mild posterior osseous ridging and posterior ligamentous hypertrophy. There is uncovertebral joint hypertrophy right greater than left which is moderate in degree with bilateral moderate to marked foraminal narrowing and mild spinal stenosis overall. C6/7: Moderate to marked narrowing of the disc with mild posterior osseous ridging and posterior ligamentous hypertrophy. There is uncovertebral joint hypertrophy right greater than left which is moderate in degree with bilateral moderate to marked foraminal narrowing and mild spinal stenosis overall. C7/T1: Mild disc narrowing and post or osseous ridging without significant canal or foraminal narrowing. Heterogeneous and mild enlargement left lobe of thyroid gland with T2-bright foci incompletely imaged or characterized.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple foci of increased signal intensity white matter and deep gray matter as well is encephalomalacia of left inferior cerebellum suspect chronic ischemic changes but stable compared to prior study 10/16/2009. Multiple foci of abnormal susceptibility suggestive of prior microhemorrhages redemonstrated and stable. 2. Pituitary gland remains stable in appearance. 3. Degenerative changes cervical spine as detailed above by level worst at C4 through C7 levels. 4. Minimal enlargement and heterogeneous signal intensity left thyroid gland incompletely imaged or characterized. Correlate clinically and consider ultrasound.