Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There are scattered bilateral nonspecific foci of T2/flair hyperintensity in the periventricular and deep white matter most consistent with small vessel ischemic disease. Mild bilateral increased flair signal in the anterior medial temporal structures on flair and DWI's sequences without associated changes on ADC. The hippocampi are symmetric bilaterally. There are small hippocampal sulcus remnants. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage acute infarct extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. No areas of abnormal susceptibility are seen. There is partial empty sella. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear except for minimal circumferential mucosal thickening in the bilateral anterior ethmoid air cells. Incidental not is made of left concha bullosa. There are sequela of left ocular lens replacement.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bilateral white matter changes most consistent with small vessel ischemic disease. 2. Mild signal abnormality in anterior medial temporal structures most likely due to patient's seizure activity given absence of signal abnormality on ADC maps GRE sequence or enhancement. Limbic encephalitis possibly due to paraneoplastic syndrome is a consideration could appear in a similar manner. Correlation with patient's history physical exam and if necessary CSF sampling is recommended. 3. No evidence of focal acute intracranial abnormality otherwise. After multiple attempts I was not successful in contacting physician taking care of the patient. Attending review: Agree with above. There is suggestion of volume loss in the right hippocampus without definite abnormal signal. Suggestion of enhancement in the bilateral gyri recti is probably artifactual as no definite FLAIR correlate is demonstrated. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.