Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There are focal hyperintensity is an anterior temporal subcortical white matter and in sub insular region left greater than right scattered elsewhere in deep and subcortical white matter. The pattern is nonspecific. These do not exert mass effect and do not enhance. There is a T1 dark calvarial based lesion which is not particularly expansile and in fact there is depression of the scalp over this level and possible biopsy site localized over parietal occipital fissure and without meningeal abnormality in proximity. This is markedly decreased in size since comparison study which may reflect surgery and/or interval treatment. The rest of the calvaria marrow has a speckled appearance which may indicate more diffuse marrow abnormality and there other hypointense foci and skull base and upper cervical spine which were seen also previously. Attention to medial temporal lobes shows decreased volume of the left hippocampus and likely amygdala with increased intensity on T2-weighted and flair images also with blurring of internal landmarks as compared to right. Fornix appears nearly symmetric no striking asymmetry of mamillary bodies. Asymmetry mesial temporal structures is probably unchanged since prior though better appreciated on the current study with technique optimized for this purpose. There is a more distant study August 16 2008 with similar protocol which also demonstrated similar findings except hippocampus appeared more full and there was questionable signal abnormality on the right with fullness but this is less evident on the current study and internal landmarks right hippocampus are still visualized without volume loss such that this is still likely a unilateral process contralateral findings in 2008 may have represented peri-ictal state. Asymmetry mesial temporal lobes also demonstrated on more distant study in August 2004. Mucosal thickening is noted sphenoid sinus and elsewhere in paranasal sinuses dental artifact limits detail but appears increased since prior. No abnormal enhancement of the brain. Ventricles cisterns and sulci are otherwise symmetric and normal in size for age age-appropriate intracranial flow voids are demonstrated.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bone marrow abnormalities consistent with history of myeloma with more focal lesion right parietal occipital region which is decreased in size since December 1 2009 likely combination of surgery and/or interval other treatment. 2. Minimal volume loss left hippocampus and to a lesser extent amygdala with increased signal intensity on T2-weighted images and loss of internal landmarks compared to right side. This appears is similar to the prior study to better evaluated on current study. Questioned findings contralateral August 16 2008 not evident at the current time such that this is still appears to be primarily unilateral process on the left. Pattern is most consistent with left medial temporal sclerosis etiology uncertain but possibly limbic encephalitis including paraneoplastic syndrome.