Diseases: ['infarction', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Several sequences are degraded by motion artifacts. BRAIN: Interval appearance of multiple foci of restricted diffusion including rosary shape foci in bilateral centrum semi-ovale left greater than right genu and body of corpus callosum midline and on the left indicating internal watershed acute/subacute infarction. Persistent extensive bilateral confluent signal abnormalities involving the subcortical periventricular and deep white matter of both cerebral hemispheres. These confluent white matter changes result in mass effect on the lateral ventricles which appear attenuated with persistent minimal 1-2 mm rightward midline shift. Persistent dilatation of the right lateral ventricle the ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise near normal for age but this actually reflect diffuse edema given lack of volume loss with extensive abnormalities. There is interval evolution of focal acute hematoma involving the right frontal lobe measures approximately 3.5 cm in diameter and is surrounded by mild to moderate amount of edema. Persistent susceptibility associated with the hematoma as well as innumerable foci of magnetic susceptibility elsewhere scattered throughout the parenchyma of both cerebral hemispheres cerebellar hemispheres and brainstem without exerting mass effect. In the cerebral hemispheres they involve the subcortical white matter and deep gray matter structures. Some of the larger lesions are associated with mild edema. Persistent sulcal hyperintensity within the cerebellar and cerebral sulci. There is no definite susceptibility on gradient echo in these locations this appearance is nonspecific but is suggestive of hemorrhagic or proteinaceous contents in the subarachnoid space. Hemosiderin staining and FLAIR hyperintensity is seen in the right posterior temporal parietal region but this appears more subacute/chronic and is associated with minimal encephalomalacia. Probably similar focus left lentiform nucleus laterally. The limited visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are essentially clear. The orbits are unremarkable. C-SPINE: There is normal alignment of the cervical spine. The cervical vertebral body heights are maintained. The cervical spinal cord and cervicomedullary junction are normal in size and signal. There is no focal suspect marrow lesion. No masses are present in the visualized prevertebral soft tissues. At C2-3 there is no focal posterior disc herniation. There is no spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis. At C3-4 there is no focal posterior disc herniation. There is no spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis. At C4-5 there is no focal posterior disc herniation. There is no spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis. At C5-6 diffuse disc bulge results in indentation of ventral thecal sac. There is no significant neural foraminal stenosis. At C6-7 diffuse disc bulge results in indentation of ventral thecal sac and mild flattening of the cervical cord. There is no significant neural foraminal stenosis. At C7-T1 there is no disc degeneration. There is no spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval appearance of multiple foci of restricted diffusion including rosary shape foci in bilateral centrum semi-ovale left greater than right genu and body of corpus callosum indicating internal watershed acute/subacute infarction. 2. Persistent extensive bilateral confluent signal abnormalities involving the white matter of both cerebral and cerebellar hemispheres cerebellar and cerebral peduncles deep gray matter structures and brainstem. These changes appear expansile and cause stable mass effect with attenuated ventricles. White matter changes demonstrate facilitated diffusion with no cytotoxic edema. There is associated innumerable foci of abnormal susceptibility throughout the bilateral cerebral hemispheres brainstem and cerebellum. Stable mild rightward midline shift. 3. Interval evolution of parenchymal hematoma in the right frontal lobe. 4. Hyperintensity on FLAIR images in the cerebral and cerebellar sulci likely representing subarachnoid hemorrhage or proteinaceous content in the subarachnoid space. 5. Subacute/chronic hemorrhagic infarct in the right posterior temporal and parietal region. 6. Mild disc bulge at C5-C6 and C6-7 with indentation of ventral sac without significant spinal canal stenosis. Otherwise no acute cervical spine abnormality.