Diseases: ['vasculitis/vasculopathy']
FINDINGS:

There are numerous foci of fairly well defined foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular and deep white matter bilaterally as well as foci in the pons. Some of the lesions are at the septal callosal interface within the corpus callosum. Bilateral lateral temporal lesions are present. A few show "T1 black holes." Most of these lesions are nonenhancing. However there are two foci of subtle enhancement one in the right frontal periventricular corona radiata (series 20 image 91) and one in the right frontal subcortical white matter (series 20 image 105) but no striking enhancement. One frontal subcortical lesion shows a rim of susceptibility (series 5 image 74) and several other also shows some faint susceptibility. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection mass effect or midline shift. No acute infarct. Focus of enhancement right cerebellum (SE 30 Im 26) without associated T2 hyperintensity likely capillary telangiectasia. Attention on follow-up recommended. The temporal horns are symmetric bilaterally. The hippocampi demonstrate normal signal characteristics and architecture. There is no pathologic enhancement of the hippocampal or parahippocampal structures. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. There are mucus retention cysts in the left maxillary sinus and right sphenoid sinus. There are mild mucosal changes in the paranasal sinuses. No suspicious marrow signal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Numerous foci of white matter signal abnormalities supratentorially and in the pons some are within the corpus callosum and/or at the septocallosal interface and oval in shape. Two right frontal lesions show possible faint enhancement. A right frontal lesion shows a faint rim of susceptibility and a few others also show faint susceptibility. Findings are nonspecific and differential includes inflammatory etiologies such as demyelinating disease infectious etiologies including Lyme disease vasculitis/vasculopathy or less likely neoplastic processes among others. Recommend clinical correlation and short interval follow up in 4 to 6 weeks. 2. Probable right cerebellar capillary telangietasia. Attention on follow-up recommended. 3. No evidence of mesial temporal sclerosis. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Pollard at 9:05 a.m. 9/27/2010.