Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'encephalomalacia', 'gliosis', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

Post-surgical changes are noted from prior left frontal craniotomy. Focal encephalomalacia is present in the left frontal lobe with surrounding T2 signal abnormality throughout the left frontal white matter. Blood products are present in the inferior left frontal lobe which may relate to prior surgery or insult/trauma. Some of these have a serpentine appearance and may represent thrombosed vessels -- correlation with prior studies and/or close follow up is advised. The left frontal horn appears somewhat smaller than the right frontal horn and some component of mass effect cannot completely be excluded. No midline shift hydrocephalus acute intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collections. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Moderate scattered foci of T2 prolongation are seen in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter nonspecific but likely related to chronic small vessel ischemia. No areas of restricted diffusion. Mucosal thickening noted in the right frontal sinus bilateral ethmoid air cells and left maxillary sinus. Mastoid air cells are clear. Orbits unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status-post left frontal craniotomy with encephalomalacia and blood products in the left frontal lobe which may relate to prior surgery or prior ischemic/traumatic insult. Signal abnormality surrounding the encephalomalacia in the left frontal white matter likely relates to gliosis. However the left frontal horn appears slightly smaller than the right frontal horn; while this could be related to normal variation the possibility that the signal abnormality is related to vasogenic edema with mild mass effect cannot completely be excluded although seems unlikely. Correlation with prior imaging would be very helpful. In the absence of correlative studies we would recommend use of close follow-up including gadolinium enhanced imaging and coronal T2 weighted imaging and MRA would be recommended. 2. Scattered foci of signal abnormality throughout the cerebral white matter nonspecific but likely sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia.