Diseases: ['lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

Some imaging sequences were repeated for patient motion artifact. There has been further progression of T2 prolongation and fairly homogeneous enhancement in the optic chiasm also involving the hypothalamus lamina terminalis anterior commisure and probably gyrus rectus bilaterally. Since the initial study there has been involvement of the optic chiasm. The areas of signal abnormality also marginate the third ventricle anteriorly extending to the foramina of Monro. There is no change in ventricular sizes. Mass effect has increased. No definite areas of necrosis. Within the mass there is no increased diffusity. Evaluation for perfusion is degraded by proximity to the skull base. No definite increased rCBV except for a small questionable area on the left side. Spectroscopy is also somewhat limited in this region though there are a few diagnostic spectrum which show elevated choline to NAA ratios also involving normal-appearing adjacent brain parenchyma (series 24 image 1). Again seen is a hyperintense focus on trace-weighted images without definite corresponding darkness on ADC map in the splenium of the corpus callosum on the left side. It is similar to slightly increased in size. No enhancement is noted. Again noted is a well circumscribed area of signal loss in the left medial orbit abutting the superior aspect of the medial rectus muscle without enhancement. If there are multiple scattered nonspecific areas of T2 prolongation within the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter similar to the prior exam. Mild frontal sinus mucosal thickening. Evaluation of vascular flow voids of the skull base is degraded due to motion artifact. Possible small left temporomandibular joint synovial cyst.
IMPRESSION:

1. Further progression of abnormal enhancement and signal intensity predominantly involving the optic chiasm and hypothalamus with additional margination of the third ventricle and spread as described above. The lack of response to steroid therapy and abnormal spectroscopy in adjacent normal-appearing parenchyma suggest the possibility of a glial tumor originating in the optic chiasm but there are also some conventional imaging features suggestive of a lymphoma. 2. Evolving infarct involving the left splenium of the corpus callosum. 3. Well circumscribed mass in the left medial orbit possibly calcification old hemorrhage or foreign body. Correlation with CT scan would be helpful.