Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Examination degraded by motion. Redemonstrated is an approximately 2.9 x 2.2 cm (axial plane) enhancing mass centered adjacent to/within right forceps major which extends to the ependymal surface in the right atrial region protruding into the right lateral ventricle and exerting local mass effect on the right lateral ventricle. There was associated susceptibility on gradient echo EPI images on prior study consistent with a component of hemorrhage within the mass. There is adjacent extensive expansile non-enhancing white matter FLAIR signal abnormality consistent with underlying edema extending throughout the right parietal lobe and to a lesser degree right occipital right temporal lobes and posterior aspect right frontal lobe; associated FLAIR signal abnormality is again noted to involve the corpus callosum (both the body and to a lesser degree the splenium) right external and internal capsules posteriorly and increased intensity and fullness in the bilateral fornices as well without enhancement. There is similar 4 mm of right-to-left midline shift. There is similar appearance of intraventricular hemorrhage predominantly within the right lateral ventricle third ventricle and fourth ventricle. The ventricular system remains dilated including temporal horns overall similar to prior exam. There is mild increasing FLAIR signal abnormality in the right frontal periventricular region which could represent transependymal flow of CSF and early trapping of the right frontal horn is not excluded; there is new hyperintense FLAIR signal within the frontal horn right lateral ventricle which is nonspecific however could represent relatively static/turbulent flow of CSF or proteinaceous products. Increased signal intensity on FLAIR images along the falx and over the left convexity is most consistent with extra-axial collection and probably thin subdural hematoma not clearly seen on prior but without additional mass effect. Scalp fiducials are noted. Tractography was performed via seeding of the bilateral corticospinal tracts at level of cerebral peduncles. Fibers corresponding to the right corticospinal tract are displaced anteriorly secondary to this mass paucity of fibers tracking to primary motor cortex and more so to sensory cortex on the right and tracking on the left is also suboptimal reflecting image degradation at least partially from motion. While there are posterior fibers which track into the nonenhancing FLAIR signal abnormality of this mass tracked right corticospinal tract fibers are approximately 1.7 cm from the anterior/superior enhancing margin of the enhancing part of mass. Please note that all seeded fibers may not correspond to those of the corticospinal tracts and that there may be fibers of the right corticospinal tract which are not tracked. Developmental venous anomaly noted left cerebellum.
IMPRESSION:

1. Overall similar appearing hemorrhagic enhancing 2.9-cm right forceps major/medial proximal mass which extends to the ependymal margin of the tumor lateral ventricle with marked adjacent edema. There is similar intraventricular hemorrhage and ventriculomegaly with mild increasing right frontal horn periventricular FLAIR hyperintensity which could represent a component of transependymal edema. Mass is not particularly bright on diffusion-weighted images and most of the mass but some areas show equivocal and slightly decreased diffusion coefficient which may indicate some cellularity. Appears relatively defined on enhanced images previous study showed markedly elevated cerebral blood volume possible infiltration splenium and fornices versus edema and marked associated edema surrounding the lesion. Pattern could reflect metastatic lesion or high-grade primary such as glioblastoma. 2. Tractography of the corticospinal tracts minimally degraded by motion and suboptimal quality but right corticospinal tract could be followed to an extent with relative paucity of fibers corresponding to the right post central gyral primary sensory region and decreased fibers tracking to anticipated primary motor cortex pathology and edema may be interfering tracking to an extent though not necessarily interrupting fibers. The tracked fibers corresponding to the right corticospinal tract are within 1.7 cm of the anterior/superior enhancing margin of the mass and track within the associated nonenhancing adjacent FLAIR signal abnormality. In the event that surgery is planned the following surgical navigation series are provided: 707 axial T1 postcontrast 709 axial FLAIR 901 corticospinal tracts. Series 601-603 are screen captures are also provided for reference. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation