Diseases: ['glioblastoma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is a 4.1 (AP) x 3.7 (CC) x 3.2 (TR) cm mass in the anterior left temporal lobe demonstrating heterogeneous T1 and T2 signal containing intrinsic T1 hyperintensity likely related to blood products with irregular peripheral enhancement. Restricted diffusion within the lesion is likely related to the presence of blood products. The mass abuts and involves the dura inferiorly but appears parenchymal in location. There is extensive surrounding T2 prolongation throughout the left temporal lobe with cortical extension/infiltration. Signal abnormality extends into the left parietal and occipital lobes as well as the left corona radiata. There is localized mass effect in the left temporal lobe with sulcal effacement and compression of the left lateral ventricle as well as mild left uncal herniation and 4 mm left to right midline shift. A few additional scattered foci of T2 prolongation are noted throughout the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter nonspecific but likely related to chronic small vessel ischemia. There is no evidence of acute ischemia/infarct. No additional enhancing lesions are identified. Cerebral volume is age-appropriate with mild parenchymal volume loss noted. Incidentally noted is a large right posterior communicating artery with hypoplastic right P1 segment compatible with fetal origin of the right PCA a normal variant. Mucosal thickening present in the right maxillary sinus with mild mucosal thickening also noted in the ethmoid air cells. There is a fluid level in the right maxillary sinus demonstrating restricted diffusion suggestive of pyogenic sinusitis. Remainder of the paranasal sinuses are clear with hypoplastic frontal sinus is noted. Mastoid air cells are clear. Lens implants are noted bilaterally orbits otherwise unremarkable. MR perfusion imaging is nondiagnostic. MR spectroscopy of the peripherally enhancing anterior left frontal lobe mass demonstrates a markedly elevated lipid-lactate peak compatible with necrosis. One spectrum over a region of nodular enhancement at the anterior margin of the mass (series 20) also demonstrates reversal of the choline to creatine and choline to NAA ratios suggestive of neoplasm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Peripherally enhancing necrotic mass in the anterior left temporal lobe with conventional and spectroscopic imaging characteristics most suggestive of an aggressive neoplasm such as glioblastoma. Metastasis could have this appearance but is felt to be much less likely particularly given the findings of cortical signal abnormality/infiltration. 2. Extensive signal abnormality surrounding the mass as described likely related to combination of vasogenic edema and infiltrative neoplasm. There is mild left uncal herniation and left to right subfalcine herniation. 3. Additional scattered areas of signal abnormality are nonspecific but likely related to sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. 4. Sinus disease as described.