Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

The patient is again status post right pterional craniotomy. There is markedly increased nodular irregular enhancement surrounding the right frontal surgical site when compared to the prior examination extending superiorly into the right frontal lobe and inferiorly into the anterior right temporal lobe. Enhancement extends to the dural surface and there is dural enhancement extending around the right frontal and to a lesser degree right temporal lobes. Possible involvement of the right genu of the corpus callosum. Markedly increased T2 and flair signal alteration of the white matter of the right greater than left cerebral hemispheres is seen likely representing edema tumor infiltration and post-radiation change with relative sparing of the left temporal and occipital lobes. There is new nodular enhancement along the ependymal surface of the right lateral ventricle likely representing CSF seeding with tumor new since the prior study.. There has been placement of a right parietal approach ventricular shunt. The ventricles are slightly more prominent than on the prior study. The previously seen extra-axial fluid collections of the right convexity have essentially resolved. Fatty replacement of the visualized marrow spaces is seen consistent with radiation therapy. There has been prior right maxillary antrectomy uncinectomy turbinectomy and ethmoidectomy.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post right craniotomy for resection of right frontal lobe tumor with markedly increased extension of enhancement and abnormal signal intensity as detailed above extending to involve the right frontal and temporal dura and ependymal surfaces of the right lateral ventricle. These findings are consistent with progression of the patient's known glioblastoma. 2. Interval resolution of the previously seen right convexity extra-axial fluid collections. 3. Interval placement of right parietal ventricular catheter; the lateral ventricles are slightly more prominent than on the prior examination. 4. Postsurgical changes of right pterional craniotomy and endoscopic sinus surgery as detailed above.