Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes are redemonstrated in this patient status post right parieto-occipital craniotomy for resection of a mass centered in the region of inferomedial aspect right frontal lobe. Interval decrease in 3-mm fluid collection adjacent the craniotomy site. There is nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement adjacent to the operative site. There is increasing enhancement about the margin of the resection cavity which appears somewhat irregular. Blood products are noted within the operative bed as well. There is increasing FLAIR signal abnormality about the resection cavity within the right parietal lobe and to lesser extent occipital lobe which extends to and slightly crosses splenium of corpus callosum which has increased since prior MR in December 2012 but has decreased from postoperative exam in November 2012. There is mild increasing ex vacuo dilatation and in the atrium of the right lateral ventricle. There is progressive increasing enhancement associated with the lesion in the superomedial aspect right occipital lobe measuring approximately 9 mm; FLAIR signal abnormality at associated with resection cavity approaches the lateral margin of this lesion. There is increasing prominence of a vertically oriented peripherally enhancing 1.9 x 0.7 x 0.8 cm lesion centered in the medial aspect left frontal lobe in region of superior frontal gyrus with progressive increasing FLAIR signal abnormality and mild increase in local mass effect; there is restricted diffusion associated with this lesion which may reflect increased cellularity associated with neoplastic involvement. There is interval increase in conspicuity of cortical expansile FLAIR signal abnormality medial aspect right superior frontal gyrus without appreciable enhancement. No territorial regions of restricted diffusion. There is no midline shift. Few other scattered foci of FLAIR hyperintensity within the cerebral hemispheres which are nonspecific. There are ethmoidal mucosal changes. Imaged orbits and marrow are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical/post treatment change is related to prior resection of a right parietal glioblastoma. There is increasing conspicuity of enhancement about the resection cavity with increasing FLAIR signal abnormality in the adjacent right parietal parenchyma extending across the corpus callosum. While this could reflect related changes progression of neoplasm in this region not excluded. Increasing enhancement within right occipital region could reflect treatment related changes however given that enhancement was present to a lesser degree on pre-radiation scans findings are worrisome for possible neoplastic progression in this region. Increasing abnormal enhancement left medial frontal lobe in region of superior frontal gyrus with increasing edema and mass effect worrisome for neoplastic progression versus less likely treatment changes; however correlate with site of radiation port. Advanced imaging may be helpful to delineate between treatment-related changes in neoplastic progression. 2. Increasing expansile signal involving cortex medial aspect right frontal lobe which is concerning for progression of neoplasm versus possible treatment related changes however correlation with radiation port recommended.