Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Left frontal approach biopsy tract with slightly increased T2 signal along the tract. Redemonstrated peripherally enhancing necrotic lesion centered in the left thalamus and midbrain. Necrotic portions appear mildly increased in size and confluence. There is increased extent of the lesion inferiorly and posteriorly in the midbrain. No definite areas of significantly elevated rCBV. There is mild increased T2 prolongation surrounding the dominant lesion in the left thalamus with increased extent along the posterior limb internal capsule and external capsule. Separate heterogeneous and peripherally enhancing lesion in the left anterolateral pons also appears slightly increased in size measuring 8 x 17 mm (series 16 image 65) previously 7 x 14 mm. This does demonstrate significantly elevated rCBV anteriorly consistent with high-grade neoplasm. There is associated increased surrounding T2 prolongation in the pons with increased mass-effect on the cerebral aqueduct. Additional smaller enhancing foci in the left lentiform nucleus right thalamus right midbrain and right pons are unchanged in size. These do not definitely demonstrate elevated rCBV though this may be related to their relatively small size. Continued hazy periventricular and deep deep white matter T2 prolongation in both cerebral hemispheres likely treatment related. Scattered additional subcortical foci of T2 prolongation are stable. Continued prominence of the temporal horns similar to prior study of 3/20/2013 but increased from 1/6/2013. Stable partial effacement of the third ventricle from the left thalamic mass with mild mass effect on the contralateral thalamus. Mucous retention cyst in the left maxillary sinus. Continued partial opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mildly increased size of enhancing lesion in the left thalamus and midbrain probably predominately treatment effect without definite increased rCBV to indicate tumor progression. 2. Increased size of separate enhancing lesion in left pons with elevated rCBV consistent with progression of neoplasm. Increased associated T2 prolongation and mass effect on the cerebral aqueduct. Prominence of the temporal horns similar to 3/20/2013 but increased from 1/6/2013 suspicious for early developing hydrocephalus. 3. Additional smaller enhancing lesions in the left lentiform nucleus right thalamus right midbrain and right pons may represent posttreatment changes or satellite foci of neoplasm but these have not progressed. Evaluation of rCBV limited due to their small size.