Diseases: ['glioblastoma', 'metastasis', 'hemangioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a 2.3 x 1.8 x 2.2 cm (AP x TR x CC) enhancing mass centered in the left pontomedullary junction. Portions of the mass solidly enhance with other portions demonstrating peripheral enhancement. The mass appears to be primarily intra-axial with an exophytic component extending into the inferior aspect of the ventricle and foramen of Magendie. There is associated ependymal enhancement along the fourth ventricle. There is a small amount of susceptibility at the left lateral aspect of the mass at the level of the fourth ventricle representing blood products. There is mild decreased diffusion in portions of the mass likely representing increased cellularity. Compared to outside MRI from 12/2012 the mass has enlarged become more heterogeneous enhancement more confluent and increasing. There is increased associated T2/flair prolongation compared to prior outside MRI. Perfusion imaging demonstrates elevated rCBV approximately 9 to 10 times background. Spectra analysis demonstrates lipid/lactate peak on short TE sequences. On intermediate TE sequences there is abnormal spectra with elevation choline relative to creatine nonspecific pattern but consistent with neoplasm. There is a right frontal approach ventricular catheter crossing the midline and extending into the parenchyma of the inferomedial left basal ganglia just medial to the left optic tract probably not significantly changed from prior head CT. Interval decompression of the ventricular system since 2/4/2013 head CT. Basal cisterns patent. No evidence of hydrocephalus. There are scattered foci of high T2/FLAIR signal abnormality in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter nonspecific. There is no intracranial hemorrhage. No extraaxial fluid collection noted. Orbits are unremarkable. Paranasal sinuses essentially clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Intra-axial enhancing mass with an exophytic component centered in the left pontomedullary junction. Since the initial outside MRI of 12/13/2012 the mass has enlarged become more confluent with increased enhancement and signal abnormality. There is associated ependymal enhancement. Advanced imaging demonstrates markedly elevated rCBV and abnormal spectra. Differential considerations include a high grade primary neoplasm possibly glioblastoma vs. ependymoma. Metastasis is felt to be less likely given imaging pattern but is still possible. Imaging and growth pattern not typical for hemangioblastoma. 2. Right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter crosses midline tip within the parenchyma of the inferior left basal ganglia adjacent to left optic tract. Interval decompression of ventricular system since 2/4/2013 ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.