Diseases: ['astrocytoma', 'glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Some series are motion degraded but the exam is considered to be of diagnostic quality. Redemonstrated is a 24mm diameter enhancing mass in the posterior medial left frontal lobe centered at the medial aspect of the precentral gyrus. The enhancing portion has less defined edges than the prior exam but this could be related to timing of scan relative to injection (longer delay on the prior). In addition T2-weighted and flair images show no enhancing infiltrative portion extended to white matter and possibly involving cortex is well superiorly with subcortical extension to the margin of the left lateral ventricular body and into the posterior corpus callosum with minimal expansion at this location. No ependymal enhancement but with some prominent vessel extending from the most inferior aspect of the enhancing mass to the ventricular margin. Redemonstrated fullness and cortical involvement superiorly by the enhancing mass. Again the mass has no definite restricted diffusion but has heterogenous hypointensity on the T2 images that may indicate cellularity. Perfusion images show mild increased blood volume corresponding to periphery of the enhancing component but most striking increase was along anterior/superior medial margin including some nonenhancing portion (series 602 image 14) approximately 4-5 times greater than in contralateral white matter. There is local mass effect with sulcal effacement but no midline shift. Susceptibility within enhancing part may reflect blood products. The second smaller cortical based enhancing focus in the left middle frontal gyrus is not well demonstrated in the current study again could be related to longer delay between injection and imaging on the prior study. No other abnormal enhancing foci appreciated. The ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise nearly symmetric minimally prominent but within normal limits for age. Additional foci of increased intensity on T2 to weighted and FLAIR images are noted in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter which are nonspecific and nonenhancing nonspecific but may represent sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic changes and including likely old lacunar infarct in the right centrum semiovale. Bony structures unremarkable except for mild inflammatory changes paranasal sinuses unchanged. Functional MRI: The patient was able to follow and understand instructions prior to imaging task performance verified with direct visualization with appropriate bilateral and right hand motion but poor right foot motion with some right hand "recruitment" during this task (patient has weak right lower extremity). Postprocessing showed excessive motion on quality control step for foot motor task and increased though not excessive motion bilateral hands and right hand tasks. Bilateral hand motor function task showed activation in the precentral knob on the left greater than right and there is also some activation of the precentral gyrus in proximity again left greater than right. Localized activation in the left precentral knob corresponding to right hand motor function was seen. Right foot motor task did show apparent a primary motor activation left posterior medial frontal cortex as expected with some activation also in postcentral gyrus and possible recruitment along the right in mirror cortex. All tasks and showed activation right greater than left in supplemental motor area. For the precentral knob signal abnormality on T2 weighted and flair images extends slightly into subcortical region such that activation is inseparable from edge of flair abnormality and there is also premotor activation of the left extending one gyrus anterior. Lower extremity motor activation inseparable from enhancing edge and supplemental motor activation within 5 mm of enhancing edge precentral knob activation just under 10 mm from enhancing edge Diffusion tractography: On color FA maps decreased but symmetric in directional color intensity appreciated in the enhancing and to a lesser extent nonenhancing portions of the mass. With tractography comparing to the contralateral corticospinal tract relatively few fibers were tracked into primary motor cortex but these could be identified extending to the region of the precentral knob and passed through the surrounding infiltrative-appearing nonenhancing portion and in proximity to enhancing edge moreover using right side as a reference fibers which should be tracking to medial frontal cortex were not seen and are either interrupted infiltrated or pathology interfering with tracking or combination of these.
IMPRESSION:

1. 2.4-cm mass with ill-defined enhancement and surrounding nonenhancing infiltrative signal suggesting primary glioma centered in primary motor cortex corresponding more to lower extremity signal abnormality extends into subcortical precentral knob region but enhancement sparing hand locus. Nonenhancing component involves corpus callosum. Blood volume elevated anterior/superior medial aspect in rim and also probably in nonenhancing portion but not all of the enhancing area show striking increased blood volume likely blood products within enhancing part which could affect blood volume calculation. Conventional and advanced imaging data support high grade glioma favor anaplastic astrocytoma but could be a glioblastoma. 2. The second small cortical-based enhancing focus left middle frontal gyrus not well appreciated in the current study could be related to technique and/or timing of imaging relative to contrast injection. 3. Functional MRI for right hand motor function concordant with anatomic localization. Activation precentral knob is in proximity to FLAIR abnormality edge (within a few mm) and about 10mm from enhancing edge. Foot motor task activation appears to be distorted by the mass and inseparable from it. Correlate with intraoperative mapping. 4. Diffusion tractography for cortical spinal tract on the left shows decreased tracking fibers to primary motor cortex tracking likely altered by pathologic alteration suspect infiltrated and/or interrupted especially in tracts extending to lower extremity cortex where fibers are not visualized. Lack of tract visualization does not necessarily indicate lack of connectivity however. Location primary cortex with findings as above indicates high-risk location with cortical and subcortical functional elements in proximity to site of resection and probably infiltrated by neoplasm. Correlate with intraoperative mapping. Screen captures for review are in series 603 from 611 (post contrast T1 background better than FLAIR the latter motion degraded). Series for navigation include the following: 701 3D T1-weighted STEALTH  702 right hand motor fMRI 704 right foot motor fMRI 706 bilateral hand motor fMRI 708 bilateral cortical spinal tracts 709 STEALTH FLAIR (motion degraded) ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.