Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

The previously seen mass lesion of the left temporal lobe is again identified. On the current examination there is irregular rim enhancement within the parenchyma of the right temporal lobe right hippocampus right splenium of the corpus callosum and extending to involve the right basal ganglia and posterior inferior right centrum semi ovale. There is complete obliteration of the temporal horn of the right lateral ventricle; enhancing tumor extends to the atrium of the right lateral ventricle with evidence of ependymal and subependymal spread along the right occipital horn. Additionally separate from the primary lesion there is enhancement of the right body of the corpus callosum and ependyma of the right ventricle (series 11 image 16). The primary tumor exhibits small foci of hemorrhage centrally (series 5 image 14) and there is irregular diffusion restriction. These findings are concerning for a high-grade primary brain neoplasm. The lesion causes significant mass effect on the temporal horn of the right lateral ventricle as described above as well as effacing the lateral aspect of the third ventricle and causing moderate compression of the body of the right lateral ventricle. No additional abnormal enhancing lesions are identified. There is a region of susceptibility of the right external capsule associated with encephalomalacia concert consistent with prior ischemia. Additional regions of ischemia of the left frontal lobe. In body of the left caudate left thalamus and cerebellum are noted. There is periventricular deep and subcortical white matter abnormality consistent with chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Note is made of bilateral colobomas. Enhancing soft tissue nodules of the right preauricular soft tissues and within the right parotid gland likely represent lymph nodes.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing mass of the right temporal lobe with extension to the right basal ganglia and splenium of the corpus callosum. Subependymal/ependymal spread along the occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle as described. The imaging findings are consistent with a high grade primary neoplasm such as glioblastoma multiforme. 2. Second enhancing lesion of the right body of the corpus callosum and right lateral ventricle ependyma likely representing CSF spread of tumor. 3. Chronic ischemic changes and findings consistent with chronic small vessel ischemic disease as described above. These findings were discussed with and confirmed by Dr. Reinert on June 14 2010 at 21:41. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: while the white matter disease could be secondary to small vessel ischemic chages the pattern ( extensive collosal and posterior fossae involvment) is suggestive of demylenation. Any such history? I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.