Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status post right parietal craniotomy and tumor resection. There is a stable tiny extra-axial collection. There is persistent T2/FLAIR hyperintense signal within the right temporoparietal and occipital lobes likely reflecting a combination of edema infiltrative tumor ischemic sequelae and post therapeutic sequelae. Associated mild ex-vacuo dilatation of the atrium of the right lateral ventricle is noted. Focal areas of T1 hyperintensity seen within the right occipital and parietal lobes slightly smaller as compared to prior examinations consistent with evolving hemorrhage. Diffuse symmetric bilateral periventricular T2 prolongation likely reflects radiation related sequela. Persistent foci of restricted diffusion noted within the posterior limb of the right internal capsule and corpus callosum likely reflecting small areas of hemorrhage or dystrophic calcification perhaps from prior focal ischemia. There is no evidence of abnormal parenchymal enhancement. There is no evidence of residual or recurrent enhancing tumor. Hemorrhagic and ischemic sequelae raise the question of vasculitis/vasculopathy.There is slight prominence of the ventricular system and sulci consistent with mild volume loss. Partial opacification noted in the mastoid air cells right worse than left likely secondary to radiation treatment. Mucosal thickening noted within both maxillary sinuses. MR perfusion: There are no areas of abnormal regional cerebral blood volume (rCBV). MR spectroscopy: Spectroscopic evaluation within the right occipital lobe demonstrates decreased NAA and other metabolites and elevated lipid/lactate levels consistent with neuronal loss and necrosis. There is no evidence of elevated choline relative to NAA or creatine to suggest neoplasm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post right parietal craniotomy for resection of glioblastoma. Extensive treatment related sequelae as described above. There is no evidence of parenchymal enhancement. Residual areas of T2 prolongation within the right occipital lobe and temporoparietal regions likely reflect edema infiltrative tumor ischemic and post-therapeutic sequelae. Focal areas of evolving hemorrhage/dystrophic calcification as detailed may be secondary to prior ischemia. There is no evidence of recurrent/residual enhancing neoplasm. The findings were discussed with Dr. Dalmau on 3/27/2008.