Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a mass centered in the anterior left temporal lobe which demonstrates heterogeneous increased T2/flair signal and rim enhancement with scattered enhancing internal septations or vessels. The enhancing part measures 2.7 x 2.4 x 2.3 cm. There is marked (7-8 x contralateral white matter) increased tumor blood flow corresponding primarily to enhancing portion of the lesion with scattered areas of susceptibility secondary to hemosiderin deposition of evolving blood products which may obscure other areas of increased blood volume. T2 prolongation in the adjacent white matter extending to the deep white tracts and subcortical white matter is likely secondary to a combination of vasogenic edema and infiltrating neoplasm and shows decreased relative blood volume. There is however more subtle T2 prolongation blurring gray-white matter margins beyond the level of vasogenic edema most prominent in the left anterior temporal cortex which appears minimally expanded but extending into occipital as well as the parietal lobe and to a lesser extent frontal lobe posteriorly. These nonenhancing regions may show diffuse mild increased cerebral blood volume but while it may indicated diffusely infiltrating neoplasm a concern given comparison study. It is possible that some of this appearance may be explained by recent seizure activity if this is the case clinically. Mesial temporal lobe is also increased in intensity and appears full with similar interpretation. There are no additional areas of abnormal enhancement. Spectroscopic interrogation of the mass and adjacent regions of nonenhancing T2 prolongation demonstrate spectra consistent with neoplasm in and beyond enhancing margin with increase Cho to NAA in enhancing and nonenhancing portions and lipid/lactate peaks in enhancing part. There is mass effect with blunting of the temporal sulci compression on the left lateral ventricle and a midline shift to the right of approximately 5 mm. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Marked interval growth of a mass with new enhancement and apparent central necrosis in the anterior left temporal lobe with adjacent vasogenic edema/tumor infiltration and local mass effect imaging characteristics most suggestive of high grade glioma such as glioblastoma. 2. Signal abnormality with gyral expansion in the anterior left temporal lobe and parietal lobe beyond the region of vasogenic edema and enhancement which suggests more extensive infiltration of the neoplasm and may indicated high grade transformation of a previously lower grade infiltrating glioma. Some of these findings may indicated superimposed peri-ictal changes but seen also previously to similar extent so favor extensive infiltration. Follow up interval is insufficient to assess long term growth pattern unless there are other outside studies for comparison.