Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Study is significantly motion degraded on almost all acquisitions. Redemonstrated are postsurgical changes of right lateral craniotomy for a multicentric glioblastoma with resection cavities in the right frontal and right temporal lobes. Increased scalp fluid collection overlying the craniotomy flap measuring up to 1.5 cm thick overlying the right frontal parietal region with an open skin defect. There is no abnormal enhancement about the pseudomeningocele. No definite restricted diffusion to suggest an infected fluid. Meniscus-shaped extra-axial fluid collection underlying the craniotomy flap with heterogeneous fluid contents measuring 10 mm greatest width. No definite restricted diffusion within this extra-axial collection given limitations of the motion degraded study. There is linear enhancement along the subjacent dura. Thin subdural collection overlying the right parietal convexity measuring 6 mm. Increased thick nodular enhancement about the medial aspect of the right frontal resection cavity as well as along the posterior margin of the resection cavity. There remains enhancement involving the genu of the right corpus callosum. There is new subependymal minimal enhancement along the medial aspect of the left frontal horn. New nodule of enhancement adjacent to the posterior medial resection cavity measuring 8 mm image 21 series 12. Increased nodular dural enhancement at the superior aspect of the right frontal resection cavity image 28 series 12. Previously noted focus of enhancement in the right subinsular region is not significantly changed. Surrounding expansile T2 prolongation in the right frontal white matter genu of the corpus callosum extending into the medial left frontal lobe and posteriorly in the right corona radiata appears mildly more prominent. Mild linear enhancement about the right temporal resection cavity there is a 7-mm nodule which appears more conspicuous compared to prior examination. Surrounding T2 prolongation is probably not significant changed. There is no evidence of hydrocephalus. The basal cisterns remain patent. There is 6-mm leftward midline shift..
IMPRESSION:

1. Significant motion degraded study. 2. Postsurgical changes status post right craniotomy with resection cavities in the right frontal and right temporal lobes for multicentric glioblastoma. 3. 10-mm thick epidural collection underlying the craniotomy communicating with a scalp fluid collection overlying the craniotomy flap communicating with an open skin defect. No definite restricted diffusion to suggest infected fluid. 4. Increased thickened nodular enhancement about the medial aspect of the right frontal resection cavity with more conspicuous nodule noted posterior medially. Redemonstrated enhancement involving the genu of the corpus callosum. New subependymal enhancement medial aspect left frontal horn. Mildly increased surrounding T2 prolongation in the right frontal and contralateral medial left frontal lobe. Overall findings represent residual tumor and progression. Nodular focus of enhancement medial aspect of the right temporal resection cavity which appears more vigorous on today's examination. Attention to this region on follow-up imaging recommended. 5. No evidence of hydrocephalus. Leftward midline shift of 6 mm. Additional small extra-axial collection overlying the right parietal lobe.