Diseases: ['glioblastoma', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Again seen is a heterogeneously enhancing likely necrotic mass in theleft posterior medial temporal lobe and occipital lobe which hassignificantly increased in size since the prior study. The enhancingportion currently measures 3.7 cm x 2.6 cm x 3.3 cm and previouslymeasured 1.5 cm x 1.4 cm x 1.1 cm. There is mass effect on the leftlateral ventricle. Again noted is dilatation of the left temporalhorn likely secondary to trapping. This mass demonstrates minimalrestricted diffusion. There are also separate enhancing nodules in theleft temporal lobe which have also increased in size. There is duralenhancement along the left tentorium which is most likely related totumor infiltration. Given the multifocal and heterogeneous appearanceof this mass it is most likely a glioblastoma.Again noted are the right temporal lobe malacic changes. There islaminar necrosis in the right frontal and temporal lobes. Again seenare changes from a prior right craniotomy and a right parasellaraneurysm clip is again noted. There is dural enhancement likelyrelated to the prior craniotomy. There is enhancment along a priorventriculostomy tract in the right frontal lobe. A rightparieto-occipital approach shunt terminates in the right lateralventricle. The right lateral ventricle is decompressed. There is asmall amount of signal abnormality along the shunt tract.These results were discussed with Dr. Kevin Judy at 3:15 PM on 6/2/04.
IMPRESSION:

1. Heterogeneously enhancing mass in the left medial temporal lobe andoccipital lobe which has significantly increased in size since theprior examination; there is probable trapping of the left temporalhorn. There is also probable dural extension of tumor. The mass mostlikely represents a glioblastoma. See comment.2. Prior right craniotomy and clipping of right internal carotidartery aneurysm with post-surgical changes and changes related toprior subarachnoid hemorrhage as described above.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: BAGLEY LINDA J MD