Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

There are postsurgical changes related to left sided craniectomy for resection of glioblastoma. There is increasing herniation of left temporal contents beyond the craniectomy bed; along the posterior margin of the herniated parenchyma there is evidence of restricted diffusion likely reflecting some degree of cytotoxic edema in this region; this is in a similar distribution but slightly less consipicuous than on prior MR. There is continued abnormal expansile signal abnormality centered in the medial left temporal region but present diffusely throughout left temporal lobe insular region left parietal region and to a lesser degree within the occipital and frontal deep white matter; within this signal abnormality there are patchy regions of diffusion bright signal largely similar to prior exam which is of uncertain significance. This area of expansile signal abnormality demonstrates continued abnormal irregular enhancement which is overall similar in appearance to most recent prior MRI which extends to subependymal white matter. There is similar extension of signal abnormality into the deep gray nuclei to include dorsal aspect of left thalamus which demonstrates new focal restricted diffusion. There is similar abnormal signal predominantly involving splenium and bilateral forceps major of corpus callosum . There is new abnormal FLAIR signal within the left cerebral peduncle with increasing abnormal signal present within the left optic tract. Within this region of left cerebral hemispheric signal abnormality there are multiple foci of hemorrhage two include prominent blood products within the resection cavity. The most discrete focus is in the left posterior subinsular region which has increased in size from prior MRI; previously measuring approximately 1.0 x 2.5 cm in axial plane currently measuring approximately 3.2 x 1.1 cm in axial plane. Multiple other areas of increasing susceptibility consistent with new/evolving foci of hemorrhage are present predominantly within the left temporal and parietal lobes but also within the left deep gray nuclei and deep white matter tracts to include posterior limb internal capsule on the left. While there is similar mass effect on the left lateral ventricle midline shift has decreased from prior exam. There is similar mass effect on the left cerebral peduncle secondary to uncal involvement of the left. Tract from patient's left parietal approach ventricular catheter is noted. Tract from prior right frontal approach catheter is also noted. Ventricular caliber is stable. Left maxillary mucus retention cyst is noted. There are mild maxillary ethmoidal and frontal mucosal changes. No suspicious marrow signal changes. Imaged orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes from left sided craniectomy in this patient with multiple prior resections for glioblastoma. There is increasing herniation of soft tissue through the craniectomy defect suggestive of increasing mass-effect related to patient's resection bed which may reflect sequela of patient's prior cytotoxic edema treatment effect or tumor progression; however midline shift has resolved. 2. Similar extensive abnormal FLAIR signal abnormality centered in the left temporal lobe but involving multiple left hemispheric lobes and deep white matter/deep gray nuclei with similar irregular abnormal enhancement. There is new signal abnormality suggested within the left cerebral peduncle and left optic tract which may reflect progression of disease. There is similar mass-effect on the left cerebral peduncle secondary to left uncal involvement. 3. Multiple areas of increasing susceptibility centered about the resection cavity corresponding to areas of new/evolving hemorrhage to include prominent blood products within the resection cavity; the left posterior subinsular hemorrhage appears to slightly increased in size when compared to prior MRI. Other areas of hemorrhage have increased in conspicuity which may reflect new or evolving foci of hemorrhage. 4. Nonspecific regions of restricted diffusion associated with the surgical cavity similar however increasing restricted diffusion is noted along the dorsal aspect left thalamus. While this may reflect area of tumor involvement other considerations would include seizure activity or possible infarct. Correlate clinically. 5. Overall stable ventricular caliber in patient with left parietal approach ventricular catheter.