Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Functional MRI: Despite best effort the patient had some difficulty cooperating with the exam due to confusion especially during the scanning process (not oriented to place before or after scan and disoriented with regard to tasks during scanning). Performance was judged to be suboptimal and probably inadequate in performance of the tasks and there is also motion on most of the functional MRI runs though at least partially corrected by motion correction algorithm. Preliminary generation of activation maps at the scanner console does not reveal confident expressive language localization or passive language localization. An attempt will be made to re- process the data off-line but confidence in these data is low. Structural imaging: There is a heterogeneous and partially cystic/necrotic 2.8cm mass in the insula and frontal-temporal lobes. There is some T1-bright signal in a more nodular posterior aspect which may indicate blood products or mineral gradient echo images also show minimal susceptibility. The mass enhances and there is more extensive T2-bright signal onto millilite representing edema and/or infiltrating tumor extending into subcortical and deep white matter on the left . Additional patchy hyperintensities on long-TR images in the periventricular white matter are mild and nonspecific. No other abnormal enhancing areas. The mass does appear to involve insular cortex and minimally expanded. Part of the more nodular enhancing component posteriorly shows decreased diffusion uncertain if this is blood products or cellular material. There is local mass effect with sulcal effacement and about 3 mm midline shift to the right as well is effacement left lateral ventricle but no herniation. Advanced imaging: Proton spectroscopy shows abnormal decreased NAA relative to choline and creatine outside of the enhancing regions and abnormal necrotic-appearing spectra in enhancing wall and center of insular mass. Blood volume within enhancing components is markedly increased (relative tumor blood volume compared to contralateral white matter greater than 5) this and above most suggestive of aggressive glioma such as glioblastoma.
IMPRESSION:

1. Structural and advanced imaging suggestive of left insular and frontotemporal high-grade neoplasm such as glioblastoma with marked surrounding infiltrating tumor and/or edema. 2. Functional MRI inconclusive due to a combination of factors including confusion and motion. Results should be considered unreliable consider awake mapping if possible. Discussed with Dr. Lang and Dr. O'Rourke Neurosurgery. Addendum: Further processing off-line did not add additional useful information.