Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Patient is status post right temporal craniotomy and resection of a right temporal lobe glioblastoma. Stable a slight increase in prominence of a extra-axial fluid collection adjacent to the craniotomy site measuring up to 6 mm in maximal thickness which restricts diffusion of uncertain significance. There is nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement adjacent to the craniotomy site. Interval decrease in blood products associated with resection cavity with resulting FLAIR signal abnormality within the resection cavity. There is linear and slightly irregular enhancement about the resection cavity anteriorly and medially (images 73 to 86 series 8) with patchy enhancement suggestive along the superior margin of the resection cavity image 93 to 104 series 8); these areas of enhancement and become more conspicuous since the prior exam. About the resection cavity there are scattered patchy regions of restricted diffusion which are nonspecific; some of these areas are similar to postoperative exam along the posterior and anterior margins of resection cavity however there are new foci of restricted diffusion more superiorly of uncertain significance. There is interval decrease in surrounding nonspecific parenchymal high T2/FLAIR signal in the right temporal and insular region and interval decrease in local mass effect. Pneumocephalus has resolved. Unchanged increased T2/FLAIR signal in the bilateral periventricular and to a lesser degree subcortical and deep white matter most likely represents the sequela of chronic microvascular ischemia. Similar small bilateral cerebellar infarcts. Similar mild diffuse prominence of sulci likely reflective of parenchymal volume loss without disproportionate ventriculomegaly. Patient is status post bilateral lens resection. There is increasing layering within the right maxillary sinus. Ethmoidal right greater than left maxillary and to a lesser degree frontal and sphenoidal mucosal changes noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post craniotomy for resection of right temporal glioblastoma. Slight increasing prominence of extra-axial fluid collection adjacent to craniotomy site measuring 6 mm in maximal thickness. 2. Increasing enhancement along the periphery of the resection cavity as detailed which may reflect postoperative changes however recurrent neoplasm not excluded. Overall decreasing FLAIR signal abnormality about resection cavity with decreasing mass-effect.. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.