Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated post surgical changes right craniotomy for glioblastoma resection centered in the right temporal lobe. Stable extra-axial fluid collection subjacent to the craniotomy. Resection cavity stable given differences in technique with hemosiderin staining about the margins of the resection cavity. Stable surrounding abnormal T2 prolongation extending into the white matter of the right parietal and posterior right temporal lobes and extending inferiorly to the atrial margin and temporal horn of the right lateral ventricle. Signal abnormality has been stable since 12/2012. Stable appearance to nodular focus of enhancement superior to the posterior aspect of the resection cavity measuring 6 x 5 mm. This has enlarged since 1/2013. Perfusion imaging demonstrates no convincing elevated cerebral blood volume. Immediately posterior to the resection cavity there is a focus of encephalomalacia with associated ill-defined enhancement corresponding to postoperative ischemia on immediate postoperative exam 8/31/2012. Redemonstrated are intrinsic T1 hyperintense foci of blood products. Chronic left thalamic infarct. T1 hyperintense marrow of the skull base noted reflecting radiation therapy. Orbits are unremarkable. Bilateral mucous retention cysts within the maxillary sinuses. Partial opacification of the bilateral mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post surgical changes from right temporal lobe glioblastoma resection. 2. Subcentimeter enhancing nodule superior to the resection cavity without increased CBV. Stable since 2/2013 however increased since 1/2013. May represent treatment effect vs. tumor. Suggest continued follow-up. 3. Stable signal abnormality about the resection cavity consistent with treatment related changes and infiltrating nonenhancing neoplasm. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.