Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

There has been evolution of the right temporal resection cavity compared to the prior study. The contents are more homogeneously T2 hyperintense although some intrinsic T1 shortening suggests residual blood products. The size has increased compared to the immediate postoperative study and the rim of enhancement is better defined thicker and mildly nodular in appearance most prominently superiorly and medially. There has been extension of the posteromedial enhancing component towards the right lateral ventricular surface and right thalamus likely representing progressive residual enhancing neoplasm at this location abutting the left lateral ventricle. There is slight increase in mass effect with increased effacement of the right lateral ventricle at the atrium and temporal horn. The extent of FLAIR hyperintensity extending to the anterior right frontal lobe right parietooccipital region right internal capsule and right hypothalamus is stable likely edema and residual infiltrative neoplasm. There is mild enhancement surrounding the surgical cavity especially posteriorly in the regions of cytotoxic edema on immediate post operative MR 3/26/2011. There is new nodular enhancement in the area of parenchymal contusion with stable signal abnormality in the right frontal lobe seen on the post operative MR. These are likely evolving cytotoxic edema rather than neoplasm. There is a 10 mm moderate right extraaxial collection beneath the craniotomy site which also demonstrates some restricted diffusion and local mass effect; there is thin dural enhancement along this collection. No significant parenchymal edema adjacent to the collection. This collection is separated from the temporal resection cavity by a thin septum seen best on T2 images. It likely represents extraaxial blood products although infection is not completely excluded. Clinically correlate. There is sulcal effacement in the right cerebrum due to mass effect from the extraaxial collection and temporal mass/resection cavity. There is stable partial compression of the right lateral ventricle with approximately stable mild right to left midline shift at the level of the lateral ventricles.
IMPRESSION:

1. New moderate right extraaxial collection subjacent to the craniotomy with restricted diffusion likely related to evolving blood products. Infection is considered less likely. See above. 2. Enlargement of the resection cavity with progression of nodular enhancement as well as enhancement towards the right lateral ventricular surface likely neoplastic progression. The extent of surrounding FLAIR hyperintensity about the mass/resection cavity is approximately stable. 3. New enhancement in the regions of cytotoxic edema posterior to the resection cavity and right frontal contusion noted on immediate post-operative MR imaging probably evolving cytotoxic edema rather than enhancing tumor. Attention on follow-up advised. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.