Diseases: ['germinoma', 'neurocytoma', 'hydrocephalus', 'meningioma', 'germinoma', 'lymphoma', 'meningioma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstration of a large heterogeneous multiloculated mass centered in the posterior third ventricle/pineal gland region. It measures approximately 4.7 x 4.7 cm in the axial plane at the level of the splenium and spans approximately 8.0 cm craniocaudally. The mass extends superiorly into the body of the left lateral ventricle and inferiorly through the cerebral aqueduct into the fourth ventricle. It fills cavum septum interpositum. There is also infiltration into the left thalamus left hippocampal tail splenium of the corpus callosum and superior cerebellar vermis. There are a few small cystic/necrotic areas and a few prominent flow voids are identified. Additionally the internal cerebral veins are noted to drape over the mass with patent flow voids. There is marked dilation of the bilateral lateral ventricles with expansion of the third ventricle by the mass and dilation of the optic recess. In addition there is extension of the left Meckel's cave. The cerebral aqueduct is markedly expanded by the mass with mild expansion of the fourth ventricle. There are mild periventricular T2 hyperintensities which may relate to transependymal flow of CSF. A few additional scattered foci of T2 prolongation are at the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter are nonspecific. There is sulcal effacement likely related to mass effect secondary to hydrocephalus. There are a few areas of restricted diffusion within the mass suggesting increased cellularity. No evidence of acute ischemia/infarct. No midline shift. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or extra-axial fluid collections. Following contrast administration heterogeneous enhancement is seen throughout the lesion. There is also an extra-axial enhancing lesion over the posterior left frontal lobe measuring 10 x 7 mm in the coronal plane likely related to a meningioma. Mild mucosal thickening noted throughout the paranasal sinuses. Mastoid air cells are clear. Orbits are unremarkable. MR perfusion imaging demonstrates markedly increased relative tumor blood volume throughout the mass. MR spectroscopy demonstrates elevated choline to NAA ratio as well as elevation of the lipid-lactate peak suggestive of high grade neoplasm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large heterogeneous multiloculated mass as described centered in the posterior third ventricle/pineal gland region with extension to the left lateral ventricle cerebral aqueduct and fourth ventricle. Additionally there is infiltration of the left thalamus left hippocampal tail splenium and superior cerebellar vermis. Given the infiltrative appearance and increased perfusion an aggressive lesion originating from the pineal gland region is favored such as pineoblastoma (although typically seen in younger patients). Alternatively this may represent a germinoma or other germ cell tumor of the pineal gland. Other lesions that involve the ventricular system such as central neurocytoma ependymoma and choroid plexus tumors are less likely given the infiltrative nature. Spectroscopic analysis suggests high grade neoplasm. 2. There is marked hydrocephalus with dilation of the lateral ventricles and optic recess and left Meckel's cave secondary to obstruction and expansion of the cerebral aqueduct by the mass. Periventricular signal abnormality is nonspecific but could be related to mild transependymal flow of CSF. 3. Nonspecific scattered signal abnormalities are at the white matter. These can be seen in the setting of chronic small vessel ischemic disease and a spectrum of other vascular or inflammatory causes. 4. Probable small meningioma overlying the left frontal lobe. 5. Recommend MR imaging of the spine with gadolinium to assess for additional lesions. Findings were discussed with acknowledged by Dr. Lang of the neurosurgery service on 2/5/2009 at approximately 3:00 a.m. Attending note: I agree with the report above and have personally reviewed the images. However the imaging features of this tumor suggest an infiltrating malignancy such as a high-grade glial tumor. Pineo blastoma should be considered in terms of location and these may also take on aggressive features. In light of these features and intraventricular projection it would seem reasonable to survey the spinal canal for drop metastases. I think germinoma lymphoma meningioma are less likely based on imaging features. I agree that the second calvarial lesion is more likely to be a meningioma based on the hyperostosis.