Diseases: ['gliosis']
FINDINGS:

Stable right frontal craniotomy. Mildly prominent triangular FLAIR signal prolongation within the anterior lateral right frontal lobe thought to represent evolving postsurgical gliosis. Mild right frontal and falcine dural thickening and enhancement unchanged and likely postsurgical. No evidence for recurrent infection. Stable punctate foci of FLAIR prolongation within the deep and subcortical cerebral white matter bilaterally remain nonspecific possibly related to small vessel ischemic change. Punctate right thalamic susceptibility artifact is unchanged and likely represents microhemorrhage of uncertain etiology. Ventricular system and cortical sulcation pattern is grossly normal for patient's stated age. No acute intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial fluid collection or evidence for acute parenchymal ischemia. Basal cisterns are patent. Ventricular system is grossly unchanged. No mass-effect or midline shift. Small dural based nodular focus of apparent enhancement along the high left frontal dura (series 10 image 19) likely represents a small vessel when compared with the previous examinations. Stable changes related to bilateral endoscopic sinus surgery. Significant improvement in right frontal sinus mucosal thickening with only minimal residual mucosal thickening. Remainder of the paranasal sinuses are essentially clear. Mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities are clear bilaterally.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable right frontal craniotomy with expected associated postsurgical change including overlying dural enhancement and likely evolving right frontal postsurgical gliosis. No evidence for recurrent infection. 2. Stable scattered foci of cerebral white matter signal abnormality remain nonspecific and could relate to small vessel ischemic change. 3. Stable changes from prior FESS. Significant improvement in right frontal sinus mucosal thickening with minimal residual currently. Remainder of paranasal sinuses are essentially clear. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.