Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Shape of the skull is abnormal with brachiocephalic and also somewhat turricephalic appearance. There is at least partial absence of the septum pellucidum. Anterior and mid corpus callosum is evident but thinned uncertain if the splenium and more posterior corpus callosum is dysgenetic or markedly thinned. The ventricles have a wavy margin and there is prominence of extra-axial CSF space inferomedial to temporal lobes with volume loss in the mesial temporal structures suspect this is continuous with the ventricular system though cannot exclude arachnoid cyst formation seen also previously. The margins of the ventricles have a wavy contour but overall volume is decreased compared to distant CT from November 1999. There is increased intensity on long-TR images in the periventricular white matter especially adjacent to right frontal horn some of which likely represents gliosis cannot exclude a component of transependymal CSF resorption however. In addition there is diffuse dural thickening and/or subdural effusion over both convexities without mass effect does not follow CSF on FLAIR images and mildly increased in intensity and diffusion-weighted images but not a striking increase. The chronicity of this finding is uncertain. Right frontal ventriculostomy catheter is apparent. Posterior fossa structures are abnormal with decreased frontal volume and flattening of pons and midbrain nonvisualization of most or all of the vermis with midline fusion small volume cerebellum. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are evident for the most part. On the gradient echo images there is a least one focus of susceptibility left parietal lobe but few if any additional foci in the brain. For the cervical spine alignment is notable for retrolisthesis C4 on C5 by about 2 mm. Degenerative endplate changes are seen with narrowing of the disk at this level. There is also narrowing of the C5/6 disk. There are some signal changes in the bone marrow at C4/5 which appear degenerative but no suspicious T1-dark foci. The diameter of the spinal canal is narrowed at baseline and AP dimension but no frank compromise of the cord and no convincing signal abnormality in the cord. Spondylotic changes are also evident at other levels in the cervical spine to a lesser degree with variable uncovertebral joint hypertrophy and posterior disk-osteophytic ridging. Degree of spinal stenosis is worst at C4/5 where it is moderate mild degree at other levels. Variable degrees of foraminal narrowing are noted which are bilateral and worst at C4/5 and C5-6 levels mild to moderate at other levels as well but relatively symmetric and without focal findings.
IMPRESSION:

1. Abnormal morphology of the brain with rhombencephalosynapsis at least partial absence of septum pellucidum abnormal and possibly dysgenetic corpus callosum parenchymal volume loss and some component of hydrocephalus. With regard to hydrocephalus right ventricular shunt remains in position ventricular volume has decreased since distant CT study November 6 1999; however there is diffusely increased intensity around the ventricular system and there are bilateral subdural effusions which do not follow CSF though dural thickening may also be contributing. Uncertain if recent overshunting or whether this is a chronic appearance but no effusions or dural thickening evident on November 1999 study more recent interval comparison studies would be helpful in this regard. See above for details. 2. Degenerative changes cervical spine without convincing focal finding or significant compromise of the spinal canal. There is evidence of narrowing of the spinal canal and this is worst at C4/5 where it is moderate in degree but no focal finding. Discussed with Dr. Frechette neurology on 4/12/2011 1100 hours acknowledged.