Diseases: ['infarction', 'gliosis', 'encephalomalacia', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

There is no acute infarction. No intracranial hemorrhage. There are several punctate foci of increased FLAIR signal intensity in subcortical white matter of the frontal lobes the significance of which is unknown. They may represents migraine. There is a small area of increased FLAIR signal intensity with no mass effect in the left anterior frontal lobe white matter. It corresponds to a hypodensity on CT scan. Given the patient's prior history of cerebral infarction this may present focal gliosis and encephalomalacia secondary to old stroke. No extra-axial collection. The lateral ventricles and basal cisterns are patent. The orbits and skull are normal. There is normal alignment of the cervical spine. The vertebral body heights and disk spaces are preserved. The signal within the cord is normal. The cervicomedullary junction is normal. There is decreased marrow signal throughout the spine. There is mild disk osteophyte complex at C4-5 with mild bilateral neural foraminal stenosis. No spinal canal stenosis. The rest of the cervical spine do not demonstrate any significant degenerative changes. No abnormal signal on STIR images to suggest ligamentous injury. Incidental note is made of a small 5-mm perineural cyst in the neural foramina on the right side at C6-7 level. The vascular flow voids in the neck are preserved.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute cerebral infarction. Non-specific increased FLAIR signal intensity in the left frontal lobe corresponding to hypodensity on CT scan. Given the patient's prior history of cerebral infarction this may represent gliosis and encephalomalacia. Correlation with prior imaging is of utmost importance. Otherwise further imaging follow up with contrast enhanced gadolinium MRI on a nonurgent basis is recommended as inflammatory or neoplastic white matter processes may have the same presentation at early stages. 2. No fracture or ligamentous injury the cervical spine. Although the vascular flow voids are normal in the neck this study is suboptimal to assess for vascular injury in the absence of MR angiogram. 3. Decreased T1 signal intensity in the spine. This finding can be secondary to anemia smoking or infiltrative processes. Clinical correlation is recommended. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report without modification. Small retention cyst in left maxillary sinus. Probable small sebaceous cyst in right posterior upper neck. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.