Diseases: ['gliosis']
FINDINGS:

There is no abnormal mass or enhancement in the orbits. The globes are normal. On image numbers 5-13 of series 14 there is suggestion of increased enhancing tissue predominantly in the left masticator space with associated T2 hyperintense signal of the left-sided muscles of mastication with perineural tumor spread along the left second and third divisions of the trigeminal nerve along left foramen rotundum and ovale respectively. Intracranial extension is noted with increased lobulated enhancing soft tissue in the left cavernous sinus with nodular enhancing masses measuring approximately 15 x 14 mm in the extra-axial medial left temporal region on image number 6 of series 15 with mild adjacent mass effect. Enhancing tissue is also noted completely filling the left Meckel's cave and extending along the cisternal/ root entry zone of the left fifth nerve. This is causing mass effect over the left hemi-pons with T2/flair signal abnormality extending into the left superior and middle cerebellar peduncles left cerebellar hemisphere and left posterolateral medulla. Increased pachymeningeal enhancement posterior to the clivus and along the left Petrus bone on image numbers 4-7 of series 15. There is suggestion of increased enhancing tissue in the region of left mandibular condyle in the expected location of the left auriculo-temporal nerve findings which are incompletely imaged with current technique. Additional evaluation with MRI of the neck can be considered for further delineation of these findings as clinically warranted. Flow void of the left internal carotid artery is maintained. There is absence of the right internal carotid artery flow void with focal area of gliosis in the right parietal lobe (MCA PCA watershed). No abnormal focus of restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. Right anterior and middle cerebral artery flow voids appear maintained. Scattered areas of T2/flair hyperintensity in bilateral cerebral white matter nonspecific most commonly attributed to changes of chronic small vessel ischemia. Mild bilateral maxillary and ethmoid sinus mucosal thickening. Small amount of fluid within the right mastoid air cells. Heterogeneous bone marrow.
IMPRESSION:

1. Increased enhancing tissue in the left masticator space with associated T2 hyperintense signal of the left-sided muscles of mastication with intracranial perineural tumor spread along the left second and third divisions of the trigeminal nerve. Lobulated enhancing soft tissue in the left cavernous sinus left Meckel's cave with nodular extra-axial enhancing masses in the medial left temporal region and extending along the cisternal segment of the left fifth nerve. There is mass effect over the medial left temporal lobe left brain stem with T2/ flair signal abnormality extending into the left superior and middle cerebellar peduncles left cerebellar hemisphere and left posterolateral medulla with increased pachymeningeal enhancement. Some of these findings are incompletely imaged/evaluated with current technique see above discussion. Additional evaluation with MRI of the neck can be considered for further delineation of these findings as clinically warranted. 2. Findings likely from chronic occlusion of the right internal carotid artery with gliosis in the right parietal lobe. No acute infarction.