Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Stable post surgical changes status post resection of the left anterior temporal pole and portions of the left anterior insula are noted. There is a residual fluid filled cavity seen within the left anterior temporal fossa. There is ex vacuo dilation of the left lateral ventricle. There is residual increased FLAIR signal in the inferior frontal gyrus and in the left periventricular white matter most likely due to gliosis. There is a small nodular foci of enhancement in the anterior surgical bed and linear foci in the anterior bed grossly stable accounting for differences in technique. There is otherwise no abnormal enhancement or restricted diffusion within the surgical bed. Susceptibility artifact is noted at the left craniotomy site most likely due to surgical clips. There is stable encephalomalacia of the left basal ganglia. There is a punctate FLAIR signal abnormality in the left pons (13/4) with surrounding increased susceptibly but without abnormal enhancement probably a developmental venous abnormality or cavernoma. Direct comparison to prior is difficult due to differences in technique but this is grossly stable. There is stable left sided atrophy of the brainstem likely due to Wallerian degradation. There is near complete opacification of the right maxillary sinus similar in appearance to prior. Additionally there is minimal mucosal thickening in the right frontal sinus. Paranasal and mastoid sinuses are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. The orbits are grossly normal. No evidence of acute infarct or intracranial hemorrhage. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus. Pituitary fossa and orbits are unremarkable
IMPRESSION:

1. Grossly stable postsurgical changes status post left temporal craniotomy for resection of left temporal pole and left insular mass with minimal residual enhancement in the surgical bed most likely inflammatory grossly stable. 2. Wallerian degeneration in the left brain stem grossly stable. 3. Multiple foci of increased susceptibility within the pons due to previously noted developmental venous abnormality grossly stable. 4. Stable encephalomalacia in the left basal ganglia due to chronic infarct. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.