Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

The central pontine lesion containing elements of blood products surrounding edema and exhibiting irregular peripheral enhancement is not changed from the most recent examination of March 12 2010. The superior pontine lesion at the mesencephalic junction also exhibits minimal enhancement. There is an enhancing third lesion also noted on the prior study in the posterior right parietal lobe that is again essentially unchanged also with mild surrounding edema. The enhancing lesions are associated with hemosiderin deposition and hemorrhage products. Multiple other foci of hemosiderin deposition the bilateral cerebellar hemispheres bilateral parietal lobes bilateral occipital lobes of well and right anterior external capsule are redemonstrated and do not exhibit contrast enhancement. Suspect these represent primarily old metastatic foci after treatment. There is a stable hematoma cavity of the posterior left right occipital junction extending to the margin of the left ventricular atrium; residual blood products and hemosiderin staining in this region are again seen. No new lesions are identified. There is ex vacuo dilatation of the occipital horn of the left lateral ventricle with surrounding gliosis likely related to post-therapeutic change. The calvarium is unchanged. There is fluid accumulation of the left greater than right mastoid air cells likely related to radiation therapy. Extensive mucosal disease of the sphenoid sinus as well as mild/moderate mucosal disease in the bilateral maxillary ethmoid and frontal sinuses stable. There are air-fluid levels in the bilateral maxillary sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. There has been no interval change since the prior study. 2. Enhancing nodules of the mid pons superior pons and right parietal lobe associated with hemorrhage products as described. Given the patient's history and imaging findings these are most likely to represent metastatic choriocarcinoma. No new lesions are identified. 3. Multiple additional stable foci of hemosiderin deposition as well as left parieto-occipital hematoma cavity consistent with the patient's history of choriocarcinoma metastatic lesions status post chemotherapy and radiation. 4. Paranasal sinus disease as described most severe in the sphenoid sinus as well as air-fluid levels in the bilateral maxillary sinuses unchanged.