Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

A right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter terminates in the frontal horn of the right lateral ventricle adjacent to the septum pellucidum. T2/FLAIR hyperintensity along the catheter tract without associated enhancement or diffusion abnormality likely represents gliosis. As recent CT the lateral ventricles are minimally prominent with well decompressed temporal horns. There is no evidence of transependymal flow of CSF. There is a slitlike fourth ventricle. On sagittal images there is convex border of the pituitary gland decreased mammillo- pontine distance and crowding at the cervicomedullary junction. The cerebellar tonsils however have normal contour and do not protrude beyond the level of the foramen magnum. There are scattered nonspecific T2/FLAIR hyperintensities in the subcortical white matter. There is a small focus of T2 hyperintensity in the right pons possibly small old lacunar infarct. There is no restricted diffusion or abnormal susceptibility in the brain. The extraaxial spaces are normal without evidence of mass or blood. The intracranial flow voids are normal. Partially imaged in the upper cervical spine is dilatation of the central canal consistent with syringomyelia of the upper cervical cord similar finding was noted in recent CT. The orbits are normal. There is mild mucosal thickening in the bilateral ethmoids.
IMPRESSION:

1. Right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter in unchanged position with stable size of the lateral ventricles when compared with recent head CT. 2. Syringomyelia of the upper cervical cord. 3. Slitlike fourth ventricle crowding of the cervicomedullary junction convex border of the pituitary gland decreased mammillo- pontine distance. The cerebellar tonsils are normal in configuration and are at the level of the foramen magnum. Overall imaging findings may indicate sequela of intracranial hypotension possibly on the basis of overshunting rather than Chiari 1 malformation. 4. Comparison with more remote imaging is recommended. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.