Diseases: ['schwannoma']
FINDINGS:

Sequela of resection of left parietal and frontal lesions is again seen. No further evidence of postoperative blood products are seen in either surgical cavity. There is an unchanged degree of mild surrounding T2 hyperintense gliosis. No enhancement is seen in either surgical cavity. In addition gamma-knife treated cortical metastasis with T1 hyperintensity no significant enhancement and minimal surrounding T2 hyperintensity of in the right frontal lobe axial image 16 and left parasagittal parietal lobe axial image 24 are unchanged since most recent exam in May 2011 and markedly improved since treatment planning MRI dated March 25 2011. No new lesions. Pachymeningeal enhancement over the left convexity is present though less conspicuous on the current study reflecting postsurgical change. Scattered foci of T2 hyperintensity in the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter are nonspecific and stable from the prior two studies. There is no evidence of acute infarct or intracranial hemorrhage. Restricted diffusion in the surgical cavity of the left parietal lobe represents residual blood products. Faint focal enhancement in apex of the right internal auditory canal is essentially stable (series 8 image 10) and better demonstrated on prior thin section MRI possibly technical or incidental schwannoma and less likely leptomeningeal spread in view of no progression without treatment. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are symmetric and patent. Previously seen midline shift and left lateral ventricle Mass effect has resolved. There is persistent mild medial migration of the right medial temporal lobe. There is no tonsillar herniation. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus. Pituitary fossa and orbits are unremarkable Bone marrow signal in the skull base and upper cervical spine is normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable postsurgical changes following left craniotomy and resection of frontal and parietal lobe metastatic lesions without evidence of local recurrence. 2. Stable post gamma knife treatment change of right inferior anterior frontal and left medial superior parietal lobe small lesions. 3. No new lesions. Subtle enhancement in the distal right internal auditory canal (better demonstrated on prior thin section MRI) possibly technical or incidental schwannoma and less likely leptomeningeal spread in view of no progression of leptomeningeal disease by imaging without treatment. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.