Diseases: ['meningioma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Interval increase in size of the heterogenous intra-axial enhancing irregular mass measuring 1 x 1 cm (previously 0.5 x 0.5 cm on comparison imaging) located in the left peri-Rolandic region with associated worsening of T2/ FLAIR hyperintensity in the surrounding white matter likely representing vasogenic edema. Interval increase in size of second intra-axial enhancing FLAIR hyperintense irregular mass measuring 1.4 x 1.3 cm (previously 1.1 x 1.2 cm on comparison imaging) in the right parieto-occipital region with worsening FLAIR hyperintensity in the surrounding white matter likely representing vasogenic edema. Both lesions exhibit local mass effect and associated susceptibility. Stable appearance of enhancing extra-axial 8mm well-circumscribed mass in the convexity of the right frontal lobe with no associated mass-effect or edema in the underlying brain. No areas of restricted diffusion. Scattered foci of FLAIR hyperintensities in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter likely representing chronic small vessel ischemic changes. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or extra axial fluid collection. No midline shift or mass-effect. No hydrocephalus or effacement of basal cisterns. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus. Orbits are unremarkable. Stable appearing nonenhancing 7-mm oblong suprasellar mass which appears separate from the pituitary gland/ stalk or chiasm. This appears slightly hypointense on T2/ FLAIR as compared to the surrounding brain with faint T1 hyperintensity and no appreciable postcontrast enhancement. More distant MRI studies are not available for comparison however on image number 14 of series 80388 of the OSH head CT from December 16 2011 more rounded approximately 7.3 x 5.9 mm enhancing nodule was seen in this approximate location (allowing for differences in imaging modalities/technique and head positioning). It is uncertain if it represents an additional focus of metastasis question with associated treatment effects in view of T2 hypointensity/ lack of enhancement appearance on prior head CT and in the given clinical background or an incidental hamartoma of the tuber cinereum versus ectopic posterior pituitary gland among others. Note posterior pituitary bright spot is not distinctly visualized. Comparison with more remote studies would be of greatest value. Marrow signal of the clivus and cervical spinal cord are noted to be hyperintense on T1 which likely represents fatty infiltration from treatment related changes. Visualized paranasal sinuses are well pneumatized. Minimal fluid in the mastoids.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval increase in size of enhancing mass lesions in the left peri-Rolandic and right parieto-occipital regions with worsening vasogenic edema. 2. Stable right frontal extra-axial avidly enhancing lesion favor meningioma over dural based metastasis. 3. Nonenhancing 7-mm oblong suprasellar mass see above discussion for details. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation