Diseases: ['hemosiderosis']
FINDINGS:

Brain: No acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement in the brain. No evidence of endolymphatic sac tumor. Stable diffuse very thin homogeneous dural enhancement in the supra-tentorial and infratentorial compartments uncertain etiology and significance but homogeneity and thinness again favor a reactive benign process. Stable circumferential maxillary sinus mucosal thickening with bilateral retention cysts versus polyps. Mucosal inflammatory changes in the sphenoid sinus and ethmoid air cells. Hypoplastic right frontal sinus. Cervical spine: Multilevel degenerative changes without significant spinal canal narrowing or neural foraminal narrowing. Intervertebral disk space narrowing and endplate degenerative changes again most pronounced at C5-6. Cervical spinal cord is normal in size contour and signal intensity. Thoracic spine: No spinal canal or neural foramina narrowing. Thoracic spinal cord is normal in size contour and signal intensity Lumbar spine: Straightening of the lumbar curvature with stable loss of disc signal and height at L3-4 through L5-S1. Schmorl's node again noted at inferior endplate of L3. Stable mild canal and bilateral neural foraminal narrowing at L4-5. Otherwise no significant canal or neural foraminal narrowing. Postcontrast imaging of the entire spine demonstrates no pathologic enhancement within or along the spinal cord. Stable areas of linear enhancement of nerves coming off of the conus medullaris and within the cauda equina (series 33 images 12-13 and see series 32 image 13) again may reflect very small hemangioblastomas. Redemonstrated hepatic cysts consistent with von Hippel-Lindau disease. Diffuse low signal of the liver spleen and bone marrow consistent with secondary hemosiderosis. Diffuse cystic change of the partially visualized pancreas. Surgically absent native kidneys. Arch the visualized right lower quadrant transplant kidney.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of hemangioblastoma of the brain or spinal cord. Stable areas of linear enhancement of nerves coming off of the conus medullaris and within the cauda equina again may reflect very small hemangioblastomas. No evidence of endolymphatic sac tumor. 2. Stable diffuse and homogeneous dural enhancement of uncertain etiology but again likely reflecting a reactive benign process. 3. Secondary hemosiderosis. Hepatic cysts and diffuse cystic change of the visualized pancreas consistent with von Hippel-Lindau disease. 4. Surgically absent native kidneys. Partially visualized right lower quadrant transplant kidney.