Diseases: ['hemangioblastoma', 'astrocytoma']
FINDINGS:

Again seen is a 1.6 cm left cerebellar hemisphere cystic lesion. While this lesion is stable in size dating back to October 2006 and does not demonstrate any associated significant edema there has been interval development of a 3 mm enhancing mural nodule. While a very atypical MS plaque is not entirely excluded this appearance is also suspicious for a low grade cystic neoplasm such as hemangioblastoma or pilocytic astrocytoma. Redemonstrated are numerous foci of increased signal intensity within the deep subcortical and periventricular white matter and brainstem. A few new lesions are identified as follows. A new lesion is identified in the left internal capsule (series 9 image 16). A second new lesion is seen in the left centrum semiovale (sereis 8 image 20). Two additional new lesions are identified in the subcortical white matter of the right frontal lobe (series 9 images 17 and 19). Following contrast administration the new lesions in the right frontal lobe demonstrate enhancement. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Paranasal sinuses are essentially clear. Evaluation of the cervical spine demonstrates mild reversal of the normal cervical lordosis possibly positional. No focal marrow lesions are identified. The cervical spinal cord is intrinsically normal in size without focal regions of volume loss or expansion. T2-weighted images show a stable lesion in the cord at C2 . The previously seen C4 lesion is not definitively seen on today's study. No new lesions are identified that can be confirmed in 2 planes. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left cerebellar cystic lesion. While this lesion is stable in size dating back to October 2006 and does not demonstrate any associated significant edema there has been interval development of a 3 mm enhancing mural nodule. While a very atypical MS plaque is not entirely excluded this appearance is suspicious for a low grade cystic neoplasm such as hemangioblastoma or pilocytic astrocytoma. 2. Findings in the white matter as above which are consistent with the given diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. Interval development of a few new lesions in the right frontal lobe and left internal capsule. The two new right frontal lobe lesions demonstrate enhancement as detailed. 3. Stable C2 cord lesion. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Amy Pruitt on 4/10/08 at 11:00 am.