Diseases: ['metastasis', 'hemangioblastoma', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There is a multicystic hemorrhagic mass in the right cerebellum which likely reflects a single mass with multiple cystic components less likely three cystic lesions adjacent to each other. This mass measures 3.3 x 3.5 x 3.3 cm (image 5 of series 8 image 24 of series 9). Within one of the smaller cystic components there is a 0.6 x 0.4 x 0.3 cm nodular focus of enhancement (image 5 of series 8 image 25 of series 9). There is layering acute hemorrhage with a blood-fluid level within the largest cystic component and there is also acute hemorrhage within the smaller cystic components. There is susceptibility artifact associated with these blood products as well as at the periphery of the cystic components suggestive of hemosiderin staining. There is peripheral restricted diffusion associated with this multicystic mass which possibly reflects a cellular rim. Lack of central restricted diffusion within the non-hemorrhagic fluid components argues against pyogenic abscess. There is mild edema surrounding this mass. There is mass-effect on the fourth ventricle which is partially effaced but still patent. There is effacement of right cerebellar fissures. The lateral and third ventricles are unchanged in size from the prior CT performed earlier the same day and prior MRI of April 20 2010 without evidence of acute hydrocephalus. The basal cisterns are patent. There are no findings of acute ischemia. Intracranial flow voids are preserved. There are two small foci of susceptibility in the left parietal lobe and left frontal subcortical white matter consistent with foci of old micro-hemorrhage or mineralization. Indication the There is susceptibility effect in the cortical gyral pattern in the medial left parieto-occipital region corresponding to cortical gyral calcification seen on prior CT consistent with cortical laminar necrosis. There is stable encephalomalacia in the right frontal lobe consistent with old prior infarct. There is also stable encephalomalacia in the left basal ganglia/corona radiata consistent with a prior infarct. There are confluent and scattered foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular and subcortical cerebral white matter consistent with small vessel ischemic changes. The calvarial marrow is heterogeneous on unenhanced T1-weighted images and on post contrast imaging there are numerous small enhancing lesions in the calvarium likely reflecting the patient's multiple myeloma. The paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are essentially clear. The patient is status post bilateral cataract surgery; the orbits are otherwise unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multicystic hemorrhagic mass in right cerebellum with small focus of nodular enhancement. This likely represents cystic metastasis vs. hemangioblastoma with differential considerations including cystic glioma and intraparenchymal plasmacytoma (which while rare is a possibility given the patient's history of multiple myeloma). 2. Associated mass effect with partial effacement of fourth ventricle. Stable size of lateral and third ventricles. 3. Old prior infarcts in right frontal lobe and left basal ganglia/corona radiata. 4. Numerous enhancing lesions in calvarium likely reflecting the patient's multiple myeloma. 5. Cortical laminar necrosis in medial left parieto-occipital region. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITIONS: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with the preliminary report with the following addition: Compared to the prior MRI there has been slight interval increase in size of the lateral and third ventricles however as mentioned with no evidence of transependymal flow of CSF. Mild compensated hydrocephalus not excluded.