Diseases: ['metastasis', 'hydrocephalus', 'meningioma', 'hemangioblastoma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is a 4.2 x 2.5 x 2.8 cm (AP by TR by CC) peripherally enhancing mass in the right cerebellum with mural nodular thickening greatest superiorly. This mass most likely represents a cystic metastasis. The location is unusual for a glial neoplasm. No other enhancing parenchymal lesion is identified. There is moderate surrounding T2 hyperintensity and mass-effect likely edema. There is mass effect upon the brainstem which is mildly distorted. There is also partial compression of the fourth ventricle and mild midline shift of the cerebellum to the left by 5 mm. The prepontine/premesencephalic cisterns are effaced. The cerebral aqueduct appears patent on the axial T1 images. The cerebellar tonsils lie just below the foramen magnum. The lateral ventricles are prominent. There is a 5 mm enhancing dural-based nodule at the left vertex. It demonstrates low T2 signal suggesting calcification. This probably represents a meningioma with dural metastasis less likely. There are a few scattered foci of FLAIR hyperintensity in the white matter which are nonspecific. There is no restricted diffusion or abnormal susceptibility. The vascular flow voids are unremarkable. The calvarium is normal. There is paranasal sinus mucosal thickening with maxillary sinus retention cysts.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large right cerebellar peripherally enhancing cystic mass most likely a brain metastasis. No other definite parenchymal lesion. Mass effect in the posterior cranial fossa with cisternal and near total fourth ventricular effacement; cerebellar tonsils lie just below the foramen magnum. Prominent lateral ventricles. While not definitely present at this time the patient is at risk for developing obstructive hydrocephalus. 2. Extraaxial 5 mm enhancing mass at the vertex most likely a meningioma. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: Less favorable differential diagnosis of the right cerebellum mass lesion includes hemangioblastoma. 1 cm lesion in the right frontal bone series 7 image 27 is nonspecific probably an intraosseous hemangioma even though metastasis cannot be excluded. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.