Diseases: ['hemangioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Brain: Redemonstrated are at least 7 (8 if counting the lesion at obex) foci of T2 prolongation with associated enhancement in the cerebellar hemispheres bilaterally consistent with hemangioblastomas in this patient with known VHL. There has been interval increase in size of a left cerebellar hemangioblastoma with associated increase in surrounding edema currently measuring 9 mm previously 6 mm. Remaining hemangioblastomas are grossly unchanged. No definite new lesions seen in the brain. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. No evidence of acute infarction. No abnormal areas of susceptibility. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vasculature are present at the skull base. Paranasal sinuses are clear. Spine: The cervical thoracic and lumbar vertebrae are normal in height alignment and signal intensity. Intervertebral disks are normal in height and signal intensity. The conus medullaris is normal in signal characteristics and morphology terminating at L1-2. There are multiple foci of punctate signal abnormality and associated enhancement in the spinal cord in keeping with small hemangioblastomas. These include a tiny foci at the obex dorsal surface of the cord at C3 C6-7 C7-T1 and T1. Stable small nodule right subarachnoid space at C1 level. Edema in cord at cervicothoracic junction minimally increasing more convincingly since July 13 2010 suspect slow progression in the dorsal lateral left lesion at T1/2 since 2010. There are additional tiny enhancing foci along the thoracic cord for example dorsal lateral T2/3 T3/4 difficult compare with prior studies because of motion degradation on those studies at thoracic levels but no convincing cord edema except at cervicothoracic junction. There is a new or increasing 3 mm enhancing lesion in a right nerve root within the cauda equina at the L3 vertebral body level on the right seen on image 42/31. Redemonstrated small left renal and pancreatic cystic lesions incompletely evaluated.
IMPRESSION:

1. Finding consistent with small hemangioblastomas in the posterior fossa (total number in posterior fossa approximately 8) and in the spinal cord as described in this patient with a known history of von Hippel-Lindau syndrome. Interval increase in size of a left cerebellar hemangioblastoma associated mild increased surrounding edema minimally increasing edema cervicothoracic junction cord with possible slow progression in size of the left T1/2 nodule since 2010 and new or increasing 3 mm enhancing lesion within the cauda equina at the L3 vertebral body level. The remainder of the hemangioblastomas are grossly stable. 2. Redemonstrated pancreatic and left renal cystic lesions incompletely evaluated. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.