Diseases: ['metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There has been evolution of postsurgical changes from suboccipital craniotomy with encephalomalacia of the left vermis and medial left cerebellum. Edema in the cerebellum has markedly improved and is now mild. There is decreased cytotoxic edema about the surgical bed. There are blood products along the surgical tract as well. There is no enhancement suggestive of residual/recurrent disease; there may be minimal enhancement in the surgical bed suggestive of granulation tissue. There is a moderate pseudomeningocele which has increased since the immediate postoperative study. There is a 2 mm enhancing nodule along the right trigeminal nerve in the prepontine cistern which was present on prior studies dating back to January 2011. This may represent a metastatic lesion from thyroid cancer or a second hemangioblastoma. There is no other abnormal enhancement in the brain. There is no evidence of mass or abnormal enhancement along the seventh and eighth nerves. The brainstem is normal. There is a probable small focus of restricted diffusion in the left temporal lobe possibly an acute infarction although this could be artifactual. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and configuration. There are foci of increased T2/FLAIR signal in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter nonspecific but likely sequelae of chronic ischemia. There are moderate to large retention cysts of the maxillary sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolution of postsurgical changes from suboccipital craniotomy with deceased edema and cytotoxic edema. Increased moderate pseudomeningocele. 2. Enhancing nodule measuring 2 mm along the left trigeminal nerve possibly a hemangioma or a metastasis. 3. Tiny infarct versus artifact in the left temporal lobe. 4. No abnormality of the internal auditory canals with normal appearance of the seventh and eighth cranial nerves. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.