Diseases: ['astrocytoma', 'hemangioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

MR BRAIN: Redemonstrated are numerous supratentorial foci of increased T2/FLAIR signal in the periventricular and subcortical white matter that are non specific however relatively stable over time comparing to prior studies to 2006. There is no abnormal enhancement. No definite infratentorial lesions are identified. There is no restricted diffusion or abnormal susceptibility. There is no abnormal enhancement in the brain. The ventricles are normal in size and shape. The extra axial spaces are normal without evidence of mass or blood. The vascular flow voids are unremarkable. The calvarium is normal. The orbits are normal. Mild mucosal thickening in the ethmoidal air cells otherwise the paranasal sinuses are normal. MR CERVICAL SPINE: Redemonstrated is an intramedullary lesion at the C7-T1 level mildly expanding the cord measuring approximately 0.6 x 0.6 x 1.5 cm (AP x TR x CC) which is unchanged is size compared with the 2010 and 2009 studies but slightly increased in size since 2006. The lesion is enhancing in its inferior part appears more conspicuous in today's exam however this may be at least partially related to technique with current study at 3T and prior studies at 1.5T. The lesion is fairly well defined without signal abnormality in the surrounding cord and no definite associated blood products. Mild spondylotic changes in the cervical spine most pronounced at level C3-C6 levels and stable. No significant spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis at any level of the cervical spine. There is stable nonspecific diffuse heterogeneity of the spinal cord marrow without focal lesion.
IMPRESSION:

1. Numerous nonspecific small supratentorial white matter lesions stable in number and distribution since 2006. 2. Intramedullary enhancing and minimally expansile cord lesion at C7-T1 level stable when compared to the 2010 and 2009 studies but slightly increased in size and increasing enhancement since 2006. Slow growing neoplasm is most likely diagnosis with ependymoma favoured over astrocytoma pattern less consistent with other neoplasm such as hemangioblastoma. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.