Diseases: ['hemangioblastoma', 'hemangioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Brain: Redemonstrated is a right frontal approach ventricular catheter traversing the frontal horn of the right lateral ventricle with tip adjacent to the septum pellucidum. The right lateral ventricle is slightly less prominent compared to the prior study. There is no interval acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. Susceptibility artifact from shunt reservoir limits evaluation of the right hemisphere in some of the sequences (the extent of artifact raised question of possible programmable shunt but patient states that the device is not programmable). Again seen are findings consistent with prior occipital craniotomy. There are malacic changes in the right greater than left cerebellum as well as the cerebellar vermis. Again seen is a cystic mass with a solid mural nodule along the floor of the fourth ventricle which measures approximately 1.6 cm in maximal dimension with a 8 mm enhancing nodule size of the cystic component minimally decreasing but nodule is stable. There has been slight interval enlargement of an enhancing nodule in the left cerebellar hemisphere measuring 8 mm previously 5 mm. There is a stable 2 mm nodule in the right cerebellar tonsil. No new lesions are seen. The visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. Partial pacification of the left greater than right mastoid air cells is relatively stable. Spine: Evaluation of the thoracic and lumbar spine demonstrates normal alignment. There is mild straightening of the cervical spine. There are mild degenerative changes. No focal suspect marrow lesions are identified. There is no lumbar spinal canal stenosis there is no foraminal narrowing at any of the imaged levels. Scattered focal lesions in the thoracic vertebrae likely represent hemangiomas/ focal fat unchanged from before. Perineural/synovial cyst at the left T10-T11 level. There is a 4-mm enhancing nodule along the surface of the posterior cord at C6 with increased T2 signal consistent with mild edema of the adjacent spinal cord from C5 to C7 improving. Cyst may be slightly larger but enhancing component stable. There are a few stable small nodules along the dorsal and ventral nerve roots arising from the cauda equina and a small nodule is seen along the nerves at the L3 level measuring 2-3mm within the lumbar canal otherwise all are on order of 1 mm in size. The cervical and thoracic spinal cord are otherwise normal in size without focal regions of volume loss or expansion. Conus medullaris terminates at L1-2 and demonstrates normal signal characteristics and morphology. Multiple complex and cystic lesions in the kidneys bilaterally and pancreas consistent with known von Hippel-Lindau disease.
IMPRESSION:

1. Findings of the brain and spinal cord consistent with the von Hippel-Lindau disease. Slight interval decrease in size of the right lateral ventricle. 2. Cystic mass with a mural nodule along the floor of the fourth ventricle consistent with a hemangioblastoma cyst a little smaller but enhancing nodule stable. Left cerebellar nodule minimally increased in size stable small right tonsil hemangioblastoma. 3. Stable presumed hemangioblastomas along the spinal cord most notably C6 level enhancing nodule with slightly bigger cyst stable enhancing focus but decreasing edema cervical cord. Stable enhancing nodules lumbar levels associated mostly with cauda equina. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.