Diseases: ['hemangioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. There are no regions of restricted diffusion. Visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. Evaluation of the cervical and thoracic spine demonstrates normal alignment. Small scattered disc protrusions are visualized in the thoracic spine. At T8-9 there is a right paracentral disc protrusion that mildly indents the ventral surface of the cord. No focal marrow lesions are identified. The cervical and thoracic spinal cord are intrinsically normal in size without focal regions of volume loss or expansion. Evaluation of the lumbar spine again demonstrates laminectomies at L1 and L2 with postsurgical changes in the posterior paraspinal tissues. There is mild retraction of the thecal sac here. There is a focus of apparent enhancement along the posterior surface of the cord at T6 (seen on axial images and not confirmed on sagittal images) and at C6 (seen on sagittal images and not confirmed axially) also present on the prior study and representing enhancement along the surface of the cord versus less likely artifact. A focus of enhancement is also seen along the anterior surface of the cord on the left at T11 not present on the prior exam (image 8 of series 20/24 image 15 of series 23). There is again mild clumping of nerve roots in the upper cauda equina with enhancement possibly due to arachnoiditis but possible small small hemangioblastomas cannot be excluded. There are multiple areas of enhancement along the nerve roots coming off of the distal cord and along the cauda equina and associated clumping of nerve roots in the cauda equina. These changes may reflect arachnoiditis; however the possibility of multiple small superficial hemangioblastomas is raised.
IMPRESSION:

1. No focal parenchymal brain abnormality. 2. Tiny new focus of enhancement along the left anterior cord surface at T11 level suspicious for a tiny superficial hemangioblastoma .in this patient with reported VHL. 3. Two other tiny foci of apparent enhancement along the surface of the cord at C6 T6 (also present on the prior study) that cannot be confirmed in two planes but nevertheless superficial hemangioblastomas in this areas cannot be excluded. 4. Prior laminectomies at L1 and L2 with expected postsurgical changes as above. Multiple areas of enhancement along the nerve roots coming off of the distal cord along the cauda equina some below the L2 level with some associated clumping of nerve roots in the upper cauda equina. These changes may reflect arachnoiditis however tiny hemangioblastomas are possible though the appearance is not changed since prior exam.