Diseases: ['astrocytoma', 'hemangioblastoma', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

There are a few small foci of T2/flair hyperintensities in the periventricular region which are nonspecific. There is no restriction on the diffusion weighted images to suggest the presence of an acute ischemic process. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extra cerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement in the brain. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear. There is maintenance of the cervical lordosis. There are no focal regions of signal alterations in the vertebral marrow. The cervical spinal cord appears slightly expanded between levels C4 through C6. There is at T2 hyperintense signal within the center of the cord extending from the bottom of the C3 level through the bottom of the C5 level extending about 3.7 cm in the craniocaudal dimension and measuring about 4 x 4 mm in its greatest cross sectional axial plane at C4. Following contrast administration there is intense enhancement of this lesion. Possible etiology includes ependymoma and less likely astrocytoma or hemangioblastoma. There is mild degenerative changes in the cervical spine as follows: At the C5/C6 level there is a broad-based disc bulge resulting in mild central canal stenosis as well as mild to moderate bilateral neuroforaminal narrowing worse on the left. At the C6/C7 level disc osteophyte complex and facet disease is resulting in mild left neuroforaminal narrowing. The remainder of the levels appear widely patent. Evaluation of the thoracic spine demonstrates normal alignment. The marrow signal is within normal limits. The thoracic cord is of normal caliber. Following contrast administration there is a focus of increased signal posterior to the thoracic cord right paracentrally at level T8 seen best on image 3 of series 20 this likely represents an enhancing vessel although less likely a dural lesion cannot be completely excluded. There are no other abnormal signals within the thoracic cord.
IMPRESSION:

1. Essentially unremarkable MRI of the brain. 2. Central cervical cord lesion with intense enhancement extending from C4 through C6 with resultant cord expansion at this level. Possible etiology includes ependymoma and less likely astrocytoma or hemangioblastoma. 3. Focus of increased signal posterior to the thoracic cord right paracentrally at level T8 this likely represents an enhancing vessel although less likely a dural lesion cannot be completely excluded. Attending note: I have personally reviewed the images and while I agree that there is a discrete cervical cord lesion this dorsally positioned lesion may well represent an acute tumefactive MS lesion in the cord. A follow up imaging at six weeks is recommended since an acute demyelinating lesion should resolve over time. This remains a reasonable consideration in spite of the normal appearance of the brain.The findings were relayed directly to Dr. Quinn at 11:30 a.m. on June 2 2009.