Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Again noted are postsurgical changes related to left temporoparietal craniectomy with mild herniation of left frontal parietal lobe through the defect. There is small amount of extra-axial blood products overlying the left cerebral hemisphere. There is mild associated mass-effect with mild left cerebral sulcal effacement. There is 2 mm left to right midline shift. A small amount of intraventricular hemorrhage is noted layering in the lateral ventricles. These findings are similar to prior examination allowing for differences in technique. There are areas of abnormal diffusion restriction with associated T2 hyperintense signal abnormality involving the bilateral left greater than right anteromedial temporal lobes. That on the left extends cephalad into the left posterior internal capsule. There is also similar abnormal signal in right greater than left superior cerebellar vermis. These findings are concerning for areas of acute to subacute ischemia possibly a consequence of recent mass effect at the skull base with basal cistern effacement. There is an area of hemorrhage identified in the left pons corresponding to an area of hyperdensity previously noted on CT. Diffuse dural enhancement is nonspecific and likely reactive/postsurgical in etiology. Otherwise no definite evidence for abnormal intracranial enhancement. Fluid is noted layering in the nasopharynx with partial visualization of an endotracheal tube. Extracranial soft tissue swelling overlying left calvarium presumably postsurgical in etiology. Small left preseptal periorbital soft tissue swelling/hematoma.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes consistent with left temporoparietal craniectomy for evacuation of a previously noted left subdural hematoma as detailed above. Small residual extra-axial hemorrhage overlying left cerebral hemisphere and small subarachnoid hemorrhage along left sulci and layering in lateral ventricles. 2. Acute to subacute ischemia in the left greater than right medial temporal lobes posterior limb of left internal capsule and right greater than left superior cerebellar vermis (territories of bilateral anterior choroidal and SCA) possibly reflecting sequelae of recent mass effect at the skull base with basal cistern effacement. Clinically correlate. 3. Focus of small hemorrhage in the left pons. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.