Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Immediate postsurgical changes status post right parieto-occipital craniotomy with expected postsurgical changes including blood products air and fluid in the surgical cavity and a small extradural postsurgical collection subjacent to the craniotomy exerting mild mass effect on the underlying brain parenchyma. Small amount of dural blood is noted overlying the right hemisphere most prominently along the posterior intrahemispheric fissure posteriorly and the right occipital lobe. There is a moderate sized hematoma anterior to the surgical cavity which measures approximately 4.2 cm x 4 cm in maximum axial dimension. There is moderate mass effect on the atrium and posterior body of the right lateral ventricle slightly increased when compared to prior exam. There is increase in the right to left midline shift currently measuring approximately 8 mm (was 3 mm). There is intraventricular extension of blood into the right greater than left lateral ventricles and fourth ventricle. The ventricular sizes are essentially stable when compared to the preoperative study. There is no hydrocephalus at this time. The majority of the enhancing nodular areas noted on the preoperative study have been resected. There is nodular residual enhancement anteromedial to the surgical cavity extending to the ventricular surface of the right atrium (see series 8 image 18 and 19) and posteriorly and inferiorly (see series 8 image 14-18). There is minimal restricted diffusion surrounding the surgical cavity likely a combination of blood products and cytotoxic edema. There is slight increase in surrounding vasogenic edema and right hemispheric sulcal effacement. There is slight increase in mass effect on the right cerebral peduncle and effacement of the right ambient cistern. The expected flow voids of major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. Visualized paranasal sinuses show mild mucosal changes in the ethmoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post right parieto-occipital craniotomy with postsurgical changes as described above. Moderate sized hematoma anterior to the surgical cavity exerting mass effect on the right lateral ventricle and causing increased leftward midline shift of 8 mm. Intraventricular extension of blood products into the lateral and fourth ventricles. Ventricular size is stable at this time. 2. Partial resection of the nodular areas of enhancement noted on the prior study with residual enhancement surrounding surgical cavity especially anteromedially extending to the ventricular surface and posteroinferiorly. See above. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Bailey at 9:30 a.m. 7/15/2010.