Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Moderate susceptibility artifact originating from the left frontoparietal scalp. Redemonstrated postsurgical changes of left lateral orbital craniotomy with resection cavity in the medial left temporal lobe. Associated evolving blood products and hemosiderin staining along the sylvian fissure and temporal lobe sulci. Nonenhancing T2 prolongation along the margins of the temporal lobe resection cavity and along the left temporal horn that may represent treatment effects and/or residual infiltrative neoplasm. Perfusion weighted imaging this region is limited by proximity to the skull base and presence of blood products. No definite areas of increased permeability. Craniotomy is again seen to involve the greater wing of the left sphenoid. Persistent extra-axial fluid at this location and along the left middle cranial fossa. Resolution of previously noted bifrontal pneumocephalus. Large left frontal extra-axial collection consistent with evolving subacute subdural hematoma measuring up to 2 cm in thickness with mass effect on the underlying left frontal lobe. Mild associated distortion of the genu of the corpus callosum and partial effacement of the frontal horn left lateral ventricle with minimal leftward midline shift anteriorly. Left frontal approach ventricular shunt catheter stable in position terminating atrium of the left lateral ventricle. Some edema along the catheter tract. Catheter tubing seen over the left calvarium and left neck incompletely visualized and partially obscured by susceptibility artifact. Mild eccentric dilatation of the atrium and temporal horn of the left lateral ventricle. No ventriculomegaly. Left parietal burr hole is noted. Dural thickening and enhancement along the left calvarium likely postsurgical. Stable left greater than right periventricular and scattered deep and subcortical areas of T2 prolongation consistent with acute fracture and sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. No acute infarct. Patent basal cisterns. Changes of bilateral lens surgery. Redemonstrated fracture deformity of the medial wall left orbit. Mild mucosal thickening in the ethmoid air cells and maxillary sinuses. Partial opacification of left mastoid air cells. Nonspecific 1 cm cystic lesion in the inferoposterior left parotid gland grossly stable in appearance from 2/11/2013.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving postsurgical changes of the left transorbital craniotomy and medial temporal lobe tumor resection. T2 prolongation adjacent to the surgical cavity that may represent residual infiltrative neoplasm and/or treatment effects. 2. Left frontal extra-axial collection imaging features compatible with subdural hematoma with mass effect on the left frontal lobe posterior displacement of the frontal horn and mild shift of anterior midline structures. 3. Stable position of left frontal approach ventricular shunt catheter. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with the preliminary report without modification.