Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

Again seen are postoperative changes from right frontotemporal craniotomy including fluid/blood under the craniotomy flap as well as some T1-bright blood products in the periphery of the resection cavity. Extra-axial air has resolved. There is mildly increased bilateral subdural fluid collections and small right sided interhemispheric subdural blood extending the over the right tentorium. There is an evolving right epidural hematoma. There is increase soft tissue swelling and fluid signal with T2 prolongation over the subcutaneous tissues in the right frontotemporal region. There is stable focal nodular enhancement along the posterior aspect of the resection cavity image 19 series 8) and the anterior margin (image 18 series 8) consistent with residual enhancing tissue. Diffuse T2 hyperintensities in the white matter of both cerebral hemispheres and T1 hyperintensity in the base of skull consistent with radiation treatment. T2 hyperintensity in the right internal capsule and right aspect of the brainstem cannot exclude neoplastic extension Probable evolving subacute infarct in the right temporal lobe and probably two new small acute infarcts one in the right frontal lobe lateral to the surgical cavity and the other in the superior posterior medial aspect of the right frontal lobe There is slightly decreased T2 prolongation around the surgical cavity centrum semiovale and in the periventricular and deep white matter. T2 prolongation in the left cerebral hemisphere appears stable. Mild mucosal thickening in the ethmoidal air cells. There has been bilateral cataract surgery and right sinonasal surgery.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable mild residual nodular enhancement along the anterior and posterior aspect resection cavity possibly reflects residual neoplasm. 2. Post surgical changes including fluid and blood with slight increase bilateral subdural hematomas and right scalp swelling. 3. Probable two new small acute infarction in the right frontal lobe as described above