Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Post contrast images are degraded by motion artifact. There is a left hemispheric subdural hematoma with blood products of multiple ages blood-fluid level and multiple septations measuring up to 13 mm in greatest diameter. There is regional mass effect with sulcal effacement. There is left to right midline shift of approximately 6 mm although some of this is likely related to line loss in the right cerebral hemisphere. There is diffuse dural enhancement which is likely related to the subdural hematomas. Resolution of immediate post surgical changes related to right craniotomy. There is extensive cystic encephalomalacia involving the entire right cerebral hemisphere with ex vacuo dilatation of the right lateral ventricle and Wallerian degeneration. There is loss of signal flow void within the horizontal right internal carotid artery. There is a small hemispheric subdural hematoma measuring up to 8 mm in greatest diameter. In the small amount of remaining white matter there is extensive T2 prolongation. Within the left cerebral hemisphere there are scattered nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation likely small vessel ischemic disease. There is no evidence of restricted diffusion to suggest the presence of acute ischemic changes as clinically questioned. There is complete opacification of the left frontal sinus and left frontoethmoidal recess. Remainder of the visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute infarct within the left cerebral hemisphere as clinically questioned. 2. Left greater than right hemispheric subdural hematomas. The left subdural hematoma has acute on chronic changes while the right subdural hematoma is more subacute/chronic. Diffuse dural enhancement is likely related to the subdural hematomas. 3. Extensive cystic encephalomalacia of the entire right cerebral hemisphere and Wallerian degeneration compatible with prior infarct. Results were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Syre at 11:30 pm on 11/26/08.