Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma', 'amyloid', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There is expected evolution of intraparenchymal hematoma in the right temporal lobe with change in the blood product ages. There is hemosiderin deposition in the peripheral part of the hematoma. The hematoma is slightly increased since prior CT from about 5.5 cm to 6 cm. The temporal lobe edema is slightly decreased. On postcontrast images there is no enhancement within the hematoma. There is possible minimal rim enhancement which is an expected finding for subacute intraparenchymal hematoma but still no enhancing mass lesion. No frank AVM vascular nidus. On gradient echo images there is staining along the sulci in the right frontal and parietal lobes. On FLAIR images there is diffuse increased signal intensity in the sulci; some of which are associated with restricted diffusion. This finding can be secondary to increased subarachnoid hemorrhage presence of proteinaceous material in CSF or high FiO2. There is probably stable subdural extension over the right side of the tentorium right occipital lobe and along the right side of the posterior falx. The intraventricular component of the hemorrhage has decreased in size in comparison to prior study. There has been interval increase in the size of the lateral and third ventricles consistent with hydrocephalus. Prominent sulci and ventricles consistent with age related volume loss. There is extensive periventricular and deep white matter hypodensities most likely representing a small vessel ischemia and old right MCA/water shed infarcts. Lateral cataract surgery. Opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells. The paranasal sinuses are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval evolution of right temporal hematoma with change in the blood product ages and the hematoma is slightly increased since prior CT from about 5.5 cm to 6 cm. The temporal lobe edema is slightly decreased. No enhancing mass lesion. No frank AVM vascular nidus. Given the pattern of lobar hemorrhage and unremarkable MR angiogram amyloid angiopathy is favored and continued follow up till resolution is needed to exclude hemorrhagic mass and vascular lesions. 2. Increased diffuse abnormal signal intensity in the sulci as above can be secondary to increased subarachnoid hemorrhage presence of proteinaceous material in CSF or high FiO2. Clinical correlation is advised. 3. Stable subdural extension over the right tentorium occipital lobe and along the right side of the falx with decrease in intraventricular blood. 4. Increase in the size of the lateral and third ventricles consistent with hydrocephalus.