Diseases: ['meningioma', 'meningioma', 'hemangiopericytoma']
FINDINGS:

Images are moderately degraded by patient motion artifact on multiple sequences. There is a 4.4 (AP) x 4.0 (transvers) x 3.2 (CC) cm enhancing lobular mass along the right midline near the vertex closely associated with the interhemispheric falx and invading and obliterating a 5 cm long segment of the superior sagittal sinus ( image 149 of series 11). The mass also extends to the left side of the falx. There is invasion through the inner table of the calvarium along the sagittal suture. The outer table is preserved. Abnormal thickening and enhancement of the dura extends anteriorly along the interhemispheric fissure and over the bifrontal convexities. Local mass effect on the right greater than left high frontoparietal parenchyma is present with moderate adjacent T2 prolongation in the right frontal and to a lesser degree of parietal white matter extending to the corpus callosum and the roof of the right lateral ventricle. There is mild effacement of adjacent sulci. The right pericallosal gyrus is slightly displaced to the left of the midline. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage. There is generalized cerebral and cerebellar volume loss appropriate for the patient's age with nonspecific deep and subcortical white matter foci of T2 prolongation most likely related to chronic small vessel ischemia. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. The orbits are unremarkable. Incidental note is made of a small subgaleal lipoma of the left frontal scalp. Expected flow voids are noted at the skull base.
IMPRESSION:

1. Superior predominantly right parafalcine mass with invasion and obliteration of the superior sagittal sinus invasion throug the inner table of the calvarium moderate associated white matter edema and mass effect on adjacent structures as detailed above. These findings are consistent with the patient's history of meningioma however aggressive features are present. Other lesions such as atypical meningioma or hemangiopericytoma could be considered. Metastatic dural lesions may have this appearance. Correlation with history of primary neoplasm is advised. 2. Findings consistent with chronic small vessel ischemic change with age-appropriate generalized volume loss.