Diseases: ['hematoma', 'infarction', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Left frontotemporal craniotomy changes. There is a left frontal intraparenchymal hematoma measuring 2.3 x 1.9 cm that demonstrates T1/T2 hyperintensity likely representing acute or subacute hemorrhage. A second smaller intraparenchymal hemorrhage may be present in the left temporal lobe. There is a 4-mm thick subdural hematoma overlying the left frontal convexity with minimal local mass effect. There's also a small subdural hematoma overlying the anterior left frontal lobe. Focus of restricted diffusion with FLAIR hyperintensity in the right posterior parietal cortex which likely represents an acute infarction. There is effacement of sulci along the left convexity. Hemosiderin staining is present along the left tentorium and focus of susceptibility is present left high frontal vertex consistent with prior hemorrhage. There is encephalomalacia of the left temporal lobe with ex ductal dilatation of the left lateral ventricle. Old infarct in the right cerebellar hemisphere with encephalomalacia changes. There are scattered foci of increased T2/FLAIR signal in the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter which are likely sequelae of chronic ischemia. The intracranial flow voids are normal. Bilateral lens replacement changes. Mucus retention cysts in this sinusitis..
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute or subacute intraparenchymal hemorrhage involving the left frontal and temporal lobes as detailed above. Effacement of left convexity sulci similar to prior CT. 2. Subdural hematoma overlying the left frontal convexity measuring up to 4-mm thickness with minimal local mass. No midline shift. 3. Focus of acute infarction in the right posterior parietal cortex likely embolic in nature. 4. Encephalomalacia changes in the left temporal lobe and right cerebellar hemisphere. 5. Sequelae of prior hemorrhage along the left tentorium and in the left high frontal lobe. 6. Chronic small vessel ischemic changes in the white matter. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.