Diseases: ['contusion', 'hematoma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

The study is degraded by patient motion artifact however diagnostic information is still obtainable. Brain: There is no evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or infarction. There is generalized cerebral and cerebellar volume loss with periventricular and subcortical findings consistent with chronic small vessel ischemic disease. The ventricles and sulci are prominent concordant with the patient's level of volume loss. Cervical spine: The fractures at C2 and C3 are again seen extending through the posterior elements at C2 however were better evaluated on the previously performed CT scan. At the C2-3 disc level there is focal discontinuity of the posterior longitudinal ligament and ligamentum flavum. Additionally there is increased fluid signal of the interspinous ligaments from C1-2 through C7-T1; there is apparent avulsion fracture of the C7 spinous process. Increased fluid signal of the posterior paraspinal muscles and nuchal ligament are indicative of additional muscular and ligamentous injury. Anteriorly there is prevertebral edema extending from the skull base to C3-4. There is additional marrow edema of the vertebral bodies of C7 and T1 consistent with additional microtrabecular injury. Overall alignment of the cervical spine is appropriate. Multilevel degenerative changes are present. There is a large epidural hematoma extending from the craniocervical junction through the visualized portions of the thoracic spine; the inferior extent of the hematoma is not evaluated. The hematoma is predominantly dorsal however is circumferential at the level of C1-C3. The hematoma in combination with degenerative changes results in effacement of the thecal sac and severe canal stenosis extending from C2 through C4. There is increased T2 signal centrally within the cord extending from C1-2 through C3-4 associated with expansion that is most severe at the C2-3 level. At this level there is hemorrhage product identified on the gradient echo sequence. The patient is intubated.
IMPRESSION:

1. Motion-degraded study demonstrating acute cord contusion with punctate hemorrhage at the C2-3 level as described above. 2. Large epidural hematoma extending through the cervical and visualized thoracic spine; the inferior extent is not evaluated on this examination. Epidural hematoma results in severe canal stenosis at the C2 through C4 levels. 3. Acute fractures at C2 and C3 better evaluated on the previously performed CT scan. Additional microtrabecular injury at C7 and T1 is suspected. 4. Questionable discontinuity of the posterior longitudinal ligament and ligamentum flavum at the C2-3 level. 5. Interspinous ligament injury extending from C1-2 through C7-T1 compatible with avulsion fracture of the spinous process of C7 seen on CT. 6. Acute injury to the posterior paraspinal musculature and nuchal ligament. 7. Prevertebral edema extending from the skull base through C3-4. 8. No evidence of acute intracranial infarction or hemorrhage. These findings were discussed with and confirmed by Dr. Fredette on March 28 2010 at 02:24.