Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There is no restricted diffusion in the brain. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and position. There is FLAIR hyperintense right convexity extra-axial fluid collection present in keeping with known right subdural hemorrhage. There is local mass effect without midline shift. Scattered FLAIR hyperintensity in the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter are nonspecific but may represent chronic small vessel ischemic changes. There is susceptibility artifact in the right frontal horn secondary to air in the ventricle. Susceptibility artifacts are present in the bilateral frontal region related to pneumocephalus as well as metallic density in the left infraorbital region. There is absence of flow void in the visualized petrous segment and cavernous segment of the left internal carotid artery. Flow voids are seen in the proximal left MCA.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute ischemic infarction. 2. Right extra-axial fluid collection in keeping with subdural hematoma exerting local mass effect. No midline shift. 3. Absence of flow void in the visualized petrous segment and cavernous segment of the left internal carotid artery in keeping with known occlusion. Flow voids are seen in the proximal left MCA. *ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: There is a small focus of increased signal on diffusion imaging in the lateral right thalamus which corresponds to mildly decreased signal on the ADC and mild increased signal on FLAIR contralateral to the carotid dissection. This may be artifactual however a small acute lacunar infarct not excluded. No restricted diffusion in the left anterior circulation noting that artifact described above does affect the left inferior cerebrum. Mild intraventricular hemorrhage again visualized. There may be small scattered foci of subarachnoid hemorrhage. There is also mild subdural blood along the tentorium. Small vessel ischemic changes are moderate. Patient is intubated. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation