Diseases: ['hematoma', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Brain MRI: There is a persistent 5 mm thick small subdural hematoma along the left parietal convexity similar to prior CT and MRI. There are persistent areas of gyriform T1 signal abnormality on precontrast imaging with enhancement in the right greater than left parietooccipital regions and associated mild FLAIR signal abnormality; the extent of T1 shortening on precontrast imaging is increased from prior brain MRI 11/24/12. Questionable restricted diffusion to suggest along the superior margin of the right parietal cortical signal abnormality; overall the extent of restricted diffusion is markedly decreased. Findings are consistent with laminar necrosis in the setting of late subacute infarct. There are periventricular deep and subcortical white matter T2 and FLAIR hyperintensities nonspecific but most likely representing sequelae of chronic small vessel ischemia. Questionable linear cortical versus less likely subcortical regions of FLAIR signal abnormality about the right precentral sulcus nonspecific and possibly artifactual. There is stable symmetric prominence of the ventricles and sulci consistent with age-related volume loss. No midline shift. The basal cisterns are patent. There is no evidence of acute ischemia. Redemonstrated are small retention cysts or polyps in the bilateral maxillary sinuses and mild mucosal thickening in the ethmoid air cells. There is nonspecific fluid left mastoid air cells. There is a 9 mm right parotid gland cystic lesion with a small internal focus of soft tissue or calcification. This is nonspecific regarding etiology and could reflect a cyst; underlying small parotid neoplasm cannot be excluded. This could be followed with ultrasound. There are spondylotic changes in the visualized cervical spine which this study is not tailored to assess. MRA: Again noted is a hypoplastic left A1 segment. The right posterior communicating artery is prominent and the right P1 segment is somewhat hypoplastic which may reflect fetal circulation in this region. There is irregularity of the contour of the cavernous internal carotid arteries bilaterally related to atherosclerotic disease; there is mild narrowing of the ophthalmic segment left internal carotid artery which could reflect stenosis in this region which appears mild. The right vertebral artery is dominant; left vertebral artery is relatively diminished in caliber. Right posterior inferior cerebellar artery and left anterior inferior cerebellar artery not seen. Flow-related enhancement of the left M1 segment M2 segments and proximal M3 segments appears attenuated. Flow related enhancement also appears attenuated of the left P1 and bilateral P2 PCA segments and questionably the superior cerebellar arteries. Similar appearing 3 mm aneurysm at the left MCA bifurcation. No additional aneurysms are seen. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Persistent small subdural hematoma along the left parietal occipital region. 2. Stable right greater than left parieto-occipital gyriform enhancement with decreased associated mild FLAIR abnormality and restricted diffusion consistent with evolving late subacute evolving infarcts with laminar necrosis. No evidence of acute ischemia. Probable sequela of microvascular ischemic changes as detailed. 3. Multifocal attenuated appearance of cerebral vessels including most prominently the left middle cerebral artery and bilateral posterior cerebral artery segments. While appearance of attenuation may reflect in part atherosclerotic vascular changes given multiple areas of involvement and bilateral posterior cerebral artery distribution infarcts vasculopathy is a consideration. 4. Redemonstrated left approximately 3 mm left MCA bifurcation aneurysm. 5. Faint right frontal linear cortical versus sulcal FLAIR hyperintensity which is nonspecific and possibly artifactual. 5. Subcentimeter right parotid gland cystic lesion. This is nonspecific regarding etiology and could reflect cyst; a small primary parotid neoplasm cannot be excluded. This could be further evaluated by ultrasound. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.