Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'sarcoidosis', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There is primarily extra-axial nodular abnormal signal involving the dura and subdural space located along the intrahemispheric fissure over the left convexity and to a lesser extent over the right convexity. Mild parenchymal involvement cannot be completely excluded. There is associated smooth linear dural enhancement. In addition there is an enhancing mass in the extra-conal superior left orbit causing mass effect on the superior rectus muscle which is displaced inferiorly. The intraconal fat of the left orbit is diffusely infiltrated causing proptosis. There is a T2-dark enhancing mass completely opacifying the right sphenoid sinus and partially opacifying the left sphenoid sinus. Although these findings could represent atypical presentation of multiple myeloma other possible etiologies include lymphoma and sarcoidosis. In addition there is a slightly T2 brighter non-enhancing small collection over the left temporal lobe likely related to the above process. However a small chronic subdural hematoma cannot be completely excluded especially in a patient with a low platelet count. There is diffusely abnormal marrow signal in keeping with hematologic disorder. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are symmetric and patent. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as the superior sagittal sinus. Pituitary fossa and posterior fossa are unremarkable. There is mild mucosal thickening/fluid in the maxillary sinuses and trapped secretions in the left sphenoid sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Primarily extra-axial nodular abnormal signal involving the dura and the subdural space over the convexities left greater than right with smooth dural enhancement. Enhancing left orbital mass causing mass effect on the superior rectus. Diffuse infiltration of the left intraorbital fat causing proptosis. Enhancing mass in the sphenoid sinuses. Although these findings could represent atypical multiple myeloma differential diagnosis includes lymphoma and sarcoidosis. 2. T2-brighter subdural area over the left temporal lobe likely related to aforementioned process although a small chronic subdural hematoma cannot be completely excluded especially in a patient with a low platelet count. 3. Diffuse abnormal marrow signal in keeping with hematologic disorder.