Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

MRI: Small foci of restricted diffusion with associated T2 prolongation in the right greater than left medial occipital lobes with mild gyral swelling consistent with acute/early subacute infarcts. Additional focus in the periventricular medial right parietal lobe and separate very small focus in the anterior left temporal lobe also consistent with acute/early subacute infarcts. Additional periventricular deep and scattered subcortical foci of T2 prolongation to a lesser extent in the basal ganglia brainstem and right cerebellar hemisphere nonspecific but likely sequelae of chronic small vessel ischemia. Right holohemispheric subdural hematoma measuring up to 17 mm superiorly with underlying sulcal effacement stable from the prior CT. Additional extra-axial blood products along the left greater than right cerebellar hemispheres and perimesencephalic cisterns. No definite evidence of parenchymal hemorrhage. Mild asymmetry of the atria of the lateral ventricles. Ventricles otherwise symmetric and within normal limits for age. Stable 3-mm leftward midline shift. MRA: Moderate to severe diffuse narrowing of the bilateral supraclinoid ICA segments and mild contour irregularity of the cavernous ICA segments related to atherosclerotic disease. Mild-to-moderate multifocal narrowing right M1 segment and mild narrowing distal left A1 segment likely also arteriosclerotic changes. There is flow related enhancement in the visualized proximal right V4 segment terminating in the right PICA; the most proximal portion of the right V4 segment is below the plane of imaging. There also appears to be flow-related enhancement in the left PICA. Otherwise no flow related enhancement in the intracranial vertebral arteries or basilar artery probably indicative of very slow flow. No intracranial aneurysm is noted. Please note MR is less sensitive for this aneurysms under 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small acute/early subacute infarcts in the right greater than left posterior cerebral artery territories. Separate very small acute/early subacute infarct in posterior left temporal lobe. 2. Stable right holohemispheric subdural hematoma. Additional small left greater than right extra-axial collections in the posterior fossa. 3. Flow-related enhancement in short segment of visualized proximal right V4 segment terminating in right PICA. Flow-related enhancement in left PICA. Otherwise absence of flow-related enhancement in the posterior circulation probably indicative of slow/decreased flow vs. thrombosed vasculature. Contrast-enhanced study to include vascular imaging of the neck could be performed for further evaluation if clinically indicated. 4. Moderate to severe diffuse narrowing of bilateral supraclinoid ICA segments. More mild atherosclerotic changes in the remainder of the anterior circulation as detailed. Maintained distal MCA and ACA branches.