Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There are post-surgical changes related to resection of the aggressive appearing bifrontal and anterior corpus callosal lesion with bifrontal craniotomy with hemorrhage products and foci of air within the resection bed. A small amount of decreased diffusion is seen surrounding the surgical resection cavity and extending into the bilateral parasagittal frontal lobes and anterior corpus callosum consistent with post operative cytotoxic edema. There is a small subdural hemorrhage overlying the right frontal convexity. Residual enhancing tumor along the inferior and bilateral posterior resection cavity as well as internally along the anterior aspect of the genu of the corpus callosum is present. Widespread bifrontal T2 and flair white matter intensity extending along the anterior corpus callosum and right body of the corpus callosum remain and likely represent a combination of edema and infiltrating tumor. The white matter changes and post-operative collection cause mass effect on the bilateral frontal lobes frontal horns of the lateral ventricles and anterior corpus callosum that is not significantly changed from the preoperative MRI or postoperative CT. A minimal amount of hemorrhage layering posteriorly within the occipital horns of the lateral ventricles is present. There is a small focus of intraventricular air in the anterior horn of the left lateral ventricle. Smooth enhancement of the dura underlying the craniotomy site is likely reactive in nature. There remains prominence of the temporal horns of the lateral ventricles stable from prior examination with periventricular confluent T2 and flair hyperintensity consistent with transependymal flow of CSF. Additional subcortical and periventricular punctate foci of T2 and flair hyperintensity most likely represent the sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease and are stable. There is no evidence of acute infarction. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. The patient is status post bilateral lens replacement surgery.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes related to bifrontal craniotomy with bifrontal and anterior corpus callosal lesion resection with resection cavity hemorrhage small right frontal subdural hematoma minimal intraventricular hemorrhage and small amount of cytotoxic edema. Residual enhancing tumor within the surgical cavity and anterior corpus callosum as well as white matter abnormalities of the bilateral frontal lobes and right greater than left corpus callosum consistent with residual infiltrating tumor and edema. 2. Mass effect on the frontal lobes as well as anterior horns of the lateral ventricles not significantly changed from the preoperative study. 3. Prominence of the temporal horns of the lateral ventricles with findings concerning for transependymal flow of CSF. These findings are stable from the preoperative examination. 4. Findings most consistent with sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease.