Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Comparison studies are available including a recent CT head from6/22/04.A tracheostomy has been placed. There is a right chest tube.Evaluation of the cervical arterial structures reveals a normalvariant origin of the left vertebral artery from the arch. Bothvertebral arteries are patent with the right dominant and theleft fairly small but patent. The carotid arteries are somewhattortuous the right internal carotid artery partiallyretropharyngeal; however there is no evidence of significantstenosis on either side and no convincing caliber change orirregularity to suggest to blunt carotid injury or dissection.There is dark signal in soft tissues consistent with extensivesubcutaneous air seen on comparison CT of the cervical spine andhead. Deformity of the right thyroid cartilage is also seenconsistent with history of laryngeal fracture. There is minimalfocal luminal narrowing of the proximal left internal carotidartery but there's no hemodynamically significant stenosis.There is no evidence of mural hematoma in this region on thestandard axial 2D time of flight images or axial T1-weightedimages.The cervical spine and alignment is within normal limits. Thereis some straightening which could be positional. There is mildnarrowing of the C3-4 disc with associated spondylotic changes consistent with moderate degenerative disc disease. Similar lesssevere changes are seen at C4-5. There is minimal spinal stenosisat the C3-4 level but no convincing cord signal abnormality. Noconvincing signal abnormality in the bone marrow is identified tosuggest fracture. There is some diffuse increase signal intensityon STIR images primarily subcutaneous region posteriorly but noconvincing signal abnormality in the posterior interspinousregion. There is however increased intensity in the prevertebralregion suggestive of edema. This is most likely related to knownsoft tissue/laryngeal injuries (extensive air in this region on6/22/04 CT cervical spine). There is no direct evidence ofligamentous disruption however and signal intensity in theprevertebral muscles is preserved with no abnormal signalintensity between muscle and bone.For the brain prominent extraaxial CSF spaces are seenbilaterally and vessels appear to be displaced medially towardthe brain surface suggestive of subdural collections. These seemto follow CSF intensity except for FLAIR images where there maybe minimal heterogeneity within the collections vs. pulsationartifact. Age is uncertain and these could represent chronicsubdural hematomas or hygromas but could be acute or subacutehygromas. Accounting for differences in technique these aresimilar to the comparison CT from 6/22/04 at 2247 hours. Postcontrast images show diffuse smooth dural enhancement bilaterally.There is no abnormal parenchymal enhancement. The ventricles andCSF spaces are otherwise symmetric. There may be minimalenhancement in the right internal auditory canal which appearsasymmetric compared to left. This may be related to be duralenhancement described previously.Soft tissue swelling in the scalp is noted. The left orbit isdistorted and heterogeneous in intensity and the right maxillarysinus region also shows signal abnormalities consistent with knownfacial and orbital injuries. Facial fractures are identifiedbilaterally but these findings are better depicted on comparisonCT exam.Best seen on T2-weighted images of the brain and coronal contrastenhanced MRA of the head and neck there is an aneurysm arisingfrom the left MCA trifurcation measuring approximately 4-5 mm indiameter (reference series 9 image 14).
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute or subacute cervical arterial injury.2. No convincing cervical spine injury. There is minimalprevertebral edema although it appears anterior to theprevertebral musculature and anterior ligamentous complex appearsintact. Bone marrow and posterior ligament structures show noevidence of edema although there is minimal subcutaneous edema.These signs are most likely related to the soft tissue injury doubt anterior ligamentous injury.3. Bilateral extraaxial collections probably subdural location uncertain age but possibly chronic hematomas versus acute/subacutehygromas. There are not exerting substantial mass effect.4. Diffuse dural enhancement intracranially. The etiology isuncertain possibly reactive and related to trauma infectiousetiologies are not excluded. It could be related to hygromas andalterations and CSF pressure could also cause the appearance either increased or decreased. The finding is nonspecific.5. Approximately 4-5 mm left MCA trifurcation aneurysm incompletely evaluated. Recommend MRA or CTA circle of Willis.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation