Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'meningioma', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a 5.4 x 6.3 x 6.4 cm (AP x trv x CC) mass centered in the region of the pineal gland/tectum slightly to the right of midline either displacing or crossing the falx. Structure of origin unclear; intra-axial or extraaxial origin is somewhat difficult due to the size of the lesion but there is a CSF cleft around it. Doubt intraventricular origin. There is local mass effect on adjacent structures including the cerebral aqueduct and upper brainstem with resultant enlargement of the lateral ventricles and suspicion for transependymal flow of CSF. Basal cisterns however are patent. There is are areas of either calcification or blood products centrally and possibly mild restricted diffusion. Following the administration of contrast there is avid homogeneous enhancement. Portions of the mass abut the patent internal cerebral veins right greater than left. No definite encasement however. No other lesions are seen. No dilated flow-voids. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or infarct. No other abnormal enhancement is present. The paranasal sinuses mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities are clear except for trace opacification of the lateral recess of the left sphenoid sinus. The cervical vertebrae are normal in height alignment and signal intensity. No evidence of fracture or malalignment. Multilevel degenerative changes are present from C3-C7 with disc osteophyte complexes at these levels resulting in mild canal narrowing at these levels. No cord signal abnormality is identified. No abnormal enhancement is identified within the cervical spine. The paraspinal tissues are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mass centered in the region of the pineal gland/tectum as above with suspicion of obstructive hydrocephalus and transependymal flow of CSF. Overall favor meningioma but other differential considerations include lymphoma and other less likely possibilities such as unusual pineocytoma and ependymoma. No abnormal enhancement elsewhere in the brain or cervical spine. 2. Multilevel degenerative changes of the cervical spine.