Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Within the right temporal lobe there is edematousswelling of the gyri with associated abnormal T2 weighted signalwithin the cortex and subcortical white matter. There isassociated local mass effect with sulcal effacement and associatedenhancement in these areas. No finding for hemorrhage. No areas ofrestriction on diffusion weighted images. Findings are compatiblewith subacute infarct.Subtle finding is made of the suggestion of diffusely swollen gyriwithin the posterior temporal and occipital lobes and alsoinvolving the more superior posterior frontal and parietal lobes.There is slightly increased FLAIR T2 weighted signal andhypervascularity in these areas. Findings suggest areas ofdiffuse hypoxia and would be compatible with recent history.Clinical correlation is advised.There is bilateral mastoid air cell opacification and mild leftmaxillary sinus disease.Only an attenuated stump of the proximal right ICA is visualizedon the neck MRA; distal to the bifurcation there is no flowsignal visualized within the right ICA. This is compatible withknown slow flow within an area of known dissection as seen onangiogram. There is reconstitution at the level of the pre-petrousright ICA segment. At the craniocervical junction within theright ICA segment bright T1 weighted signal is present suggestive of either thrombus vs. slow flow. This area of presumedthrombus has significantly decreased since prior exam of 1/8/02;on prior exam there was a long segment of bright T1 thrombus.Findings are compatible with prior angiography studiesdemonstrating a right cervical ICA segment dissection withhigh-grade stenosis and probable thrombus at the craniocervicaljunction.There is diffuse irregularity of the mid-cervical segment of theleft ICA. There suggestion of a small pseudoaneurysm in the midcervical left ICA which is more prominent than on the prior study.Within the left ICA cavernous segment there is a small focal areaof signal drop out.The left vertebral artery is dominant and patent. Caliber andcourse are unremarkable.There is diffuse narrowing of the right vertebral artery caliberwith some irregularities diffusely; findings would be compatiblewith known history of dissection. The right vertebral artery isotherwise patent.MRA of the head is limited as distal bilateral MCA and ACAbranches were not imaged. There is increased flow within thepre-petrous petrous cavernous and supraclinoid right ICAsegments when compared to prior exam of 1/8/02.There is mild straightening of the normal cervical lordoticcurvature. Mild disc bulges are noted at C5-6 and C6-7. There isa subligamentous hematoma at the level of the superior dens withfocal areas of discontinuity of the ligament suspicious forinjury. There is no bone marrow edema to suggest fracture. At thislevel there is no cord compression abnormal cord signal orstenosis. This subligamentous hematoma does not touch the ventralcervicomedullary junction and has decreased in size when comparedto a prior exam of 1/8/02. Small epidural component of thishematoma is no longer visualized. There are small areas ofposterior soft tissue edema at the C1-C2 level. Course caliberand signal of the visualized cervical cord is within normallimits.
IMPRESSION:

1. Subacute right MCA territory infarct.2. Non-visualization of the cervical right ICA; finding compatiblewith known dissection. Thrombus vs. slow flow within the distalright cervical ICA segment at the craniocervical junction;reconstitution of flow at the pre-petrous right ICA segment.Overall improved flow to the right ICA both cervical andintracranial segments.3. Diffuse irregularity of the left cervical ICA with a focalirregularity suggestive of a small pseudoaneurysm within the midcervical left ICA. This focal irregularity suggestive ofpseudoaneurysm is more notable on today's exam. This can becorrelated with conventional angiography if clinically indicated.Left ICA otherwise patent.4. Patent dominant left vertebral artery.5. Diffusely narrowed caliber and irregularity of the rightvertebral artery.6. Diffuse subtle areas of cortical swelling and increased FLAIRsignal within the posterior temporal occipital frontal andparietal lobes with increased vascularity. Areas suggest diffusehypoxia; clinical correlation advised.7. Small subligamentous hematoma at the level of C1-C2 decreasedin size since 1/8/02. Prior epidural hematoma no longervisualized. No MR evidence for cord compression stenosis orfracture. Suggestion of ligament injury at the level of thesubligamentous hematoma.Transcribed by: Interface MedspeakLast Edited by: Interface Medspeak