Diseases: ['metastasis', 'metastasis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

MRI brain: Interval resolution of bifrontal pneumocephalus. Interval resolution of bilateral bifrontal extra-axial fluid collections. Redemonstrated post surgical changes left parietal craniotomy with stable small surgical cavity with chronic blood products and associated left posterior parietal encephalomalacic changes. Stable nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement subjacent to the craniotomy. Previously noted nonspecific foci of susceptibility along the medial aspect left superior frontal gyrus and right frontal opercular region have resolved. Small amount of layering blood products in the occipital horns have resolved. Near complete resolution of enhancement in the anterior left frontal lobe (image 24 series 18). No new areas of enhancement. Redemonstrated extensive confluent white matter T2 prolongation in the bilateral cerebral hemispheres which appear mildly increased from prior examination likely related to treatment change but is nonspecific. T2 prolongation within the pons has worsened since 12/27/2012 and was partially seen on 1/18/2013 cervical spine MRI. There is no abnormal restricted diffusion. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage or extra-axial fluid collections. There is no mass effect or midline shift. Ventricular system is stable. Stable bilateral xanthogranulomas. Scattered opacified bilateral mastoid air cells. Hyperintense marrow signal compatible with sequela of radiation therapy. MRI Cervical spine: Redemonstrated post surgical changes C6-7 laminectomy and partial resection of posterior elements of C5. Previously demonstrated lobular superficial fluid collection at the midline surgical site has enlarged now measuring 4.6 x 7.9 x 8.6 cm (AP x TR x CR) previously 2.2 x 6.5 x 5.1 cm. This collection again is noted to communicate with the deeper posoperative fluid collection within the midline laminectomy bed and has also enlarged now measuring 2.9 x 4.4 x 6.1 cm (AP x TR x CR) previously 2.0 x 3.5 x 6.0 cm. No significant peripheral enhancement associated with the collections. Redemonstrated resection cavity at site of prior enhancing intramedullary lesion at C7 level. Cord signal abnormality and cord expansion improved since 1/2013. Mild interval evolution of blood products within the resection cavity. No associated enhancement within the resection cavity or other enhancement invovling the cervical spinal cord. Redemonstrated stable multilevel spondylotic changes in the cervical spine most prominent at C6/7 with a disk osteophyte complex. There is moderate canal stenosis at this level which has mildly progressed secondary to the disk osteophyte complex and posterior epidural fluid. Stable mild anterolisthesis of C7 on T1. MRI Thoracic spine: Interval enlargement right dorsolateral intradural extramedullary enhancing nodule now measuring 4 mm compared to 3 mm (image 9 series 24). New 2 mm nodule left dorsolateral extramedullary nodule T3/4 (image 14 series 24). New 1 mm left dorsolateral extramedullary nodule T4 level image 15 series 24. New 3 mm right dorsolateral extramedullary nodule T7 (image 29 series 24). New 3 mm left dorsolateral extramedullary nodule T8 (image 7 series 15). Questionable punctate extramedullary enhancement T9/10 level (image 41 series 24). At this same level questionable punctate left peripheral cord enhancement. Stable linear low T1 signal inferior aspect T5 and superior aspect T6 which may represent old insufficiency fractures. . Vertebral body heights are preserved. Stable mild degenerative changes with small disk bulge at T8-T9 and focal ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament. Stable multilevel Schmorl's nodes. No canal stenosis. No foraminal stenosis. Postsurgical changes right upper lobectomy.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post-operative changes from resection of brain and cervical spine metastases. Left parietal enhancement may represent post-operative change artifact or recurrent tumor. Suggest attention on follow-up. 2. Possible new brain metastasis in right frontal lobe. Again suggest attention on follow-up. 3. Possible lacunar infarct in left cerebral white matter. 4. Enlarging collection posterior to the cervical spine worrisome for CSF leak. 5. Slightly enlarging metastasis at posterior cord surface at T2-3. 6. Lumbar nerve root enhancement worrisome for carcinomatous meningitis. Consider CSF sampling. 7. Likely post-treatment changes in the brain white matter.