Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'meningioma', 'metastasis', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There is diffuse dural thickening and enhancement over both cerebral hemispheres. Over the left cerebral hemisphere the thickening is very nodular and up to 1.5 cm in diameter with avid enhancement. This tissue also shows restricted diffusion. Subjacent to the dural based process and there is an extra-axial biconvex collection over the left frontal lobe 6.1 x 2 .3 cm which is similar to CSF on T2-weighted sequences it does not follow CSF on T1 weighted or T2 FLAIR sequences and does not show enhancement. This may represent complex fluid from an evolving chronic hematoma or complex fluid from some other unknown etiology but is not felt to represent infection or acute hemorrhage. There is significant mass-effect on left frontal lobe mainly in the region of the biconvex collection with subfalcine herniation and 10 mm left to right shift. There is partial effacement of the left lateral ventricle. No evidence of right ventricular entrapment at this time. The basal cisterns are patent. No uncal or tonsillar herniation. Chronic infarct is seen in the right basal ganglia. No evidence of acute infarct. There are a few scattered nonspecific foci of T2 hyperintensity most likely related to chronic small vessel ischemic change in this age group. The orbits are unremarkable. The paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. Major intracranial flow voids are identified. The marrow is diffusely low in signal on T1 which is consistent with the given diagnosis of myelofibrosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Solidly-enhancing nodular subdural tissue over the entire left hemisphere up to 1.5 cm thick along with mild dural thickening and enhancement over the right cerebral hemisphere and along the interhemispheric falx. Differential considerations include lymphoma or other tumor however in the presence of myelofibrosis this could also represent extramedullary hematopoiesis. Leukemic infiltrates plasmacytoma or chloroma could be considered but would not be expected to be as diffuse and the patient is not known to have AML. Other dural-based tumors (meningioma metastasis etc.) are also not excluded. Further noninvasive evaluation if clinically indicated could be performed using a technetium-99m sulfur colloid nuclear medicine study (expect uptake in hematopoiesis but not the other conditions in the differential). 2. Additional extra-axial collection over the left frontal lobe subjacent to the aforementioned nodular enhancing dural based tissue which has signal characteristics most compatible with proteinaceous or complex fluid. This could either represent evolving chronic hematoma or proteinaceous collection of uncertain etiology. This not felt to represent infection or acute hemorrhage. 3. Significant mass-effect with diffuse sulcal effacement in the left hemisphere 1 cm left to right midline shift and subfalcine herniation. 4. Diffuse bone marrow replacement consistent with given diagnosis of myelofibrosis