Diseases: ['meningioma', 'metastasis', 'hemangiopericytoma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There is a dural-based lobulated left frontal mass measuring roughly 6.5 cm anterior-posterior 3.1 cm superficial to deep and 5.3 cm craniocaudad. The mass demonstrates avid homogeneous enhancement and dural tails at all margins. The lesion demonstrates restricted diffusion. MR spectroscopy within the lesion demonstrates a non-neuronal choline-dominated spectrum which indicates neoplasia but adds no further specificity. No convincing alanine peak is seen. Interrogation of the surrounding white matter reveals normal brain spectrum without evidence of infiltration. Cerebral blood volume is markedly elevated as to be expected for an enhancing extra-axial mass. There is significant surrounding edema involving most of the left frontal and parietal lobes and there is approximately 5 mm left to right shift with transtentorial herniation. No definite hydrocephalus is seen there is no evidence of transependymal flow of CSF on flair. The sulci are diffusely effaced throughout the left hemisphere. There are also multiple foci of acute infarction. There is a right PICA territory cerebellar infarct which is hyperintense on FLAIR and shows restricted diffusion. There is intrinsic T1 hyperintensity and small foci of enhancement. There is a left thalamic infarct which is hyperintense on FLAIR and shows restricted diffusion. There is another infarct in the left basal ganglia involving the posterior limb of the internal capsule and the lentiform nuclei which shows restricted diffusion and flair hyperintensity but no enhancement. There are two separate infarcts in the left lateral parietal lobe hyperintense on FLAIR and restricted diffusion with linear areas of T1 hyperintensity likely representing petechial hemorrhages. Small foci within these infarcts show enhancement. Finally there is a small focal infarct in the body of the corpus callosum likely in the posterior callosal artery distribution which does not show evidence of hemorrhage or enhancement and is hyperintense on FLAIR. Chronic infarcts are seen in the left basal ganglia and pons. There is opacification of the right mastoid air cells. The paranasal sinuses are clear. The orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple acute/subacute infarcts. Chronic infarcts in the left basal ganglia and pons. 2. Large dural-based avidly-enhancing mass in the left frontal region with a large amount of surrounding edema and 5 mm left to right shift. MRI characteristics of the mass are most compatible with meningioma. Metastasis hemangiopericytoma and atypical or malignant meningioma are also possible.