Diseases: ['hematoma', 'aneurysm', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

This study is somewhat degraded by motion related artifact. Brain MRI: As seen on the prior CT there is a thin subdural hematoma over the right frontoparietal and temporal convexities measuring at most 2 mm. Also again noted is a thicker lobulated component over the superior right frontal convexity measuring up to 6 mm in thickness with layering blood products exerting minimal mass-effect on the underlying frontal gyri and no significant midline shift. This may represent old epidural or loculated subdural hematoma and is again noted to be in proximity to two right frontal burr holes. There is dural enhancement along the right frontoparietal convexity that may be postsurgical and/or reactive. There is suggestion of subarachnoid hemorrhage in the superior aspect of posterior frontal sulci including the precentral sulcus. In addition as suggested on the prior CT there are loculated extra-axial collections with fluid-fluid levels consistent with layering blood products at the left cerebellopontine angle and the foramen magnum anteriorly and to a lesser extent posteriorly. The largest collection at the antero-lateral foramen magnum measures 1.2 x 1.7 cm (series 7 image 5 and abuts the cervicomedullary junction with minimal mass-effect. There is a 5-mm focus of FLAIR signal abnormality in the medial right occipital lobe (series 8 image 14) correlating to hyperdense focus on the prior CT. There is associated susceptibility on GRE images. This likely represents small focus of subacute parenchymal or subarachnoid hemorrhage. There are additional scattered foci of deep and subcortical T2 prolongation nonspecific. There is a right cerebellar hemisphere developmental venous anomaly. There is no abnormal parenchymal enhancement or abnormal restricted diffusion. There is no midline shift. The ventricles are normal in size and configuration. Circle of Willis MRA: An anterior communicating artery is not visualized and may be absent a normal anatomic variant. The posterior circulation including the vertebral arteries basilar arteries and posterior cerebral arteries is relatively diminutive. There is probable a fetal origin of bilateral PCAs. Otherwise there is patent intracranial circulation. There are no regions of focal stenosis. No intracranial aneurysms evident. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. Opacification of the lateral recess left sphenoid sinus right sphenoethmoidal recess and a left anterior ethmoid air cell. There is mild mucosal thickening in the maxillary sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Thin subdural hematoma over the right convexity with thicker loculated component with layering blood products over the superior right frontal convexity. Additional extra-axial blood products at the left cerebellopontine angle and anteriorly and posteriorly at the foramen magnum consistent with findings on the prior CT. No significant mass effect or midline shift. Largest loculated collection at the left anterolateral foramen magnum abuts the cervicomedullary junction with minimal mass-effect. 2. Suggestion of subarachnoid blood in superior aspect of posterior right frontal sulci. 3. Focus of subacute parenchymal or possibly subarachnoid hemorrhage in the paramedian right occipital lobe. 4. No evidence of intracranial aneurysm. Correlation with prior imaging is suggested given provided history of treated aneurysm. 5. Relatively diminutive posterior circulation without focal narrowing. Probably absent anterior communicating artery a normal variant.