Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

Status post right convexity craniectomy with mesh cranioplasty changes. There is an evolving region of cystic encephalomalacia within the right frontal lobe which communicates with the right lateral ventricle with adjacent T2/FLAIR hyperintensity likely reflective of gliosis within an area previously demonstrated intraparenchymal hemorrhage. There is associated hemosiderin staining about the region of encephalomalacia consistent with prior blood products. There is secondary ex vacuo dilatation of the right lateral ventricle. Postsurgical changes related to right parietal approach ventricular catheter which terminates within the body of the left lateral ventricle. There is increasing FLAIR signal abnormality about the catheter trajectory and within the subcortical white matter of the right temporal lobe which is nonspecific however there is no frank evidence of mass effect or encephalomalacia in this region. There is no evidence of restricted diffusion or enhancement in this region. Ventricular caliber appears overall stable and appears mildly dilated. Stable appearing extra-axial fluid collection adjacent to the anterior aspect right temporal lobe measuring up to 4 mm. Hemosiderin staining is noted along the cerebellar folia and bilateral occipital horns of the lateral ventricles as well as along the tentorium. There are a few other scattered foci susceptibility within the parietal lobes which appear stable. Mild diffuse nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement is suggested. There are no territorial regions restricted diffusion. There is no midline shift. No focal regions of mass effect. Scattered punctate T2/FLAIR hyperintensities in the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter are present non specific but likely sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. There are foci of encephalomalacia present within bilateral cerebellar hemispheres consistent with prior infarcts. The imaged intracranial vascular flow voids are similar to prior exam and appear mildly irregularity suggested of the right transverse sinus region on T2-weighted imaging. Ethmoidal and maxillary sinus mucosal changes. Layering fluid within the nasopharynx. Susceptibility from posterior cervical hardware is noted. Patient is status post bilateral lens resections.
IMPRESSION:

1. Overall similar appearance of right frontal cystic encephalomalacia in an area of prior hemorrhage. 2. Similar ventriculomegaly in patient with stable appearance of right parietal approach ventricular catheter. There is new patchy white matter FLAIR hyperintensity within the right temporal lobe and adjacent to the ventriculostomy tract. While these findings are nonspecific it is of concern given its interval progression. Given that these changes tract to the ventriculostomy tract infection/cerebritis is a concern. Other differential considerations would include subacute changes from prior ischemia or traumatic changes. Seizure activity is not excluded. There is no evidence of abscess formation or acute infarct in this region. Correlate clinically. There is mild irregularity suggestive the right transverse sinus in this patient with prior transverse sinus thrombosis and MRV may be of benefit. 3. Nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement as detailed.