Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a 1.7 (AP) x 1.5 (TR) x 1.1 (CC) mass in the anterior left temporal lobe demonstrating peripheral enhancement with a focal area of central enhancement. The lesion demonstrates intrinsic susceptibility on the T2-weighted images which may relate to blood products. There is a large amount of T2 prolongation surrounding the lesion and extending throughout the anterior left temporal lobe and subinsular region primarily involving white matter exerting localized mass effect with sulcal effacement and mild medialization of the left uncus. Linear enhancement noted in the pons and may be related to enhancement of prominent pontine perforators or perivascular enhancement. There is a small extra-axial fluid collection overlying the right parietal lobe with biparietal burr holes and dural thickening and enhancement bilaterally suggesting chronicity and prior drainages. No significant midline shift hydrocephalus or acute intracranial hemorrhage. No diffusion abnormalities. Mild mucosal changes in the paranasal sinuses. Opacification of the mastoid air cells bilaterally right greater than left likely related to prior radiation therapy. Orbits unremarkable. Mild asymmetric volume loss in the left posterior nasopharynx which may be treatment-related. There also appear to be fatty changes of the marrow at the skull base compatible with prior radiation treatment. MR Perfusion imaging is nondiagnostic due to the presence of intrinsic susceptibility with the left anterior temporal lobe lesion which precludes evaluation of perfusion. MR Spectroscopy in the region of the left anterior temporal lobe lesion demonstrates an elevated choline peak with marked reversal of the choline to creatine ratio although the choline to NAA peak is not reversed. A lipid-lactate peak is also present. The findings are nonspecific but suggestive of neoplasm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing left anterior temporal lobe lesion with surrounding signal abnormality as described. Spectroscopic findings are nonspecific but suggestive of neoplasm and perfusion imaging is nondiagnostic. There appear to be blood products within the lesion and further evaluation with head CT may be helpful. Given history of radiation treatment and additional findings to support prior radiation the findings may be related to radiation necrosis. However the imaging favors the possibility of neoplasm either primary or metastatic with hemirrhage accounting for the suseptibility effects. Cavernoma seems unlikely given the large amount of surrounding signal abnormality. 2. Findings compatible with chronic small right subdural hematoma and bilateral dural thickening/enhancement and biparietal burr holes suggesting prior bilateral subdural collections and drainage procedures correlate clinically. 3. Linear enhancement noted in the pons and may be related to enhancement of prominent pontine perforators or perivascular enhancement. This is also a nonspecific finding possibly related to prior radiation therapy. Recommend attention on follow-up imaging.