Diseases: ['oligodendroglioma', 'meningioma', 'meningioma', 'hemangiopericytoma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is a 4.5 (AP) x 3.0 (TR) x 4.5 (AP) cm heterogeneous mass centered in inferior frontal lobe above sylvian fissure on right probably displacing central sulcus anteriorly. There are a few areas of intrinsic T1 hyperintensity and T2 hypointensity which may relate to blood products or mineralization. Theere is a small amount of surrounding T2-bright signal intensity which may represent edema vs infiltrating mass mass effect on the right superior temporal gyrus and localized sulcal effacement. No significant midline shift. There may be mild restricted diffusion in a few areas of the mass suggesting increased cellularity. It is difficult to assess whether the mass is intra axial with exophytic component or extra-axial invaginating into frontal lobe. Some sequences such as axial T2-weighted seem to show a CSF cleft but also show acute angles with dura. Following contrast administration the mass demonstrates heterogeneous enhancement with a few large areas of non-enhancement which may relate to necrosis. There is however also moderate dural thickening and enhancement overlying the mass uncertain if reactive or infiltrated. A linear area of T2 prolongation is noted in the right corona radiata possibly related to prior ischemia. No evidence of acute ischemia/infarct. Mucosal thickening noted throughout the paranasal sinuses. There is complete opacification of the left axillary sinus with an expansile component protruding medially into the left nasal passage. The contents demonstrate restricted diffusion and peripheral enhancement possibly related to a mucopyocele. Mastoid air cells are clear. Orbits unremarkable. MR perfusion demonstrates markedly increased tumor blood volume within the enhancing component of the mass. MR spectroscopy analysis shows neoplastic spectra within the mass with high choline relative to creatine and NAA some spectra within mass dominated by lipid lactate peaks. T2-bright region also is abnormal with more mild elevation choline relative to other metabolites but also with lactate.
IMPRESSION:

1. Heterogeneously enhancing mass with areas of increased perfusion and possible areas of necrosis as described. There appear to be foci of blood product or mineralization within the mass. It is difficult to tell whether this is clearly an intra-axial or extra-axial lesion but an intra-axial location in the inferior right frontal gyrus is favored. There is mild localized mass effect without significant midline shift. The mass is associated with moderate dural thickening and enhancement. Favor glioma with atypical exophytic component possibly oligodendroglioma given its peripheral location but advanced imaging features including rCBV suggest high grade. If this is an extra-axial origin but appearance is not typical for meningioma. It may represent an atypical meningioma or hemangiopericytoma or possibly metastasis. 2. Opacification of the left maxillary sinus with an expansile component. Inflammation and possibly infection appears to be present with antrochoanal extension. Discussed with Dr. Judy 2/5/2009.