Diseases: ['contusion', 'hematoma', 'contusion']
FINDINGS:

Brain: There is significant susceptibility artifact resulting in distortion of the superior portion of the brain above the ventricles. Within this limitation the visualized inferior portion of the parenchyma shows no evidence of infarct. There are several punctate foci of susceptibility artifact inferior anterior left temporal lobe series 19 image 10-12 which may be tiny areas of parenchymal contusion or subarachnoid blood. There are mild increased FLAIR signal along the sulci of the bilateral frontal lobes near the vertex which is probably secondary to high oxygenation even though subarachnoid hemorrhage cannot be excluded. Right frontoparietal subgaleal hematoma is stable. The paranasal sinuses show air fluid levels in the maxillary sinuses and partial opacification of the ethmoid air cells. Cervical spine: There is mild straightening of the cervical lordosis. The vertebral body heights and disc spaces are preserved. No marrow edema to suggest acute fracture. There is layering secretion in the posterior pharynx secondary to to tube placement somewhat limited evaluation of the prevertebral soft tissue injury. Within this limitation there is no gross evidence of ligmentous injury. No evidence of cord compression. At C3-4 there is a small right foraminal disc protrusion causing mild to moderate right foraminal narrowing. At C4-5 and C5-6 there are a small diffuse disc bulge slightly eccentric to the right with mild effacement of the ventral CSF. Thoracic spine: The obliquely oriented fracture through bilateral pedicles/facet joints superiorly to the posterior T5 vertebral body inferiorly is consistent with a Chance fracture. The fractures extends inferiorly through the T5-T6 disc to involve the anterior superior corner of T6 vertebral body with possible strain of the anterior ligamentous complex. Better seen on prior CT are fractures of T3 right transverse and spinous process T4 right lamina and T6 right superior facet; these fractures are associated with posterior ligamentous complex injury at these levels most pronounced at T5 level. As a result there is mild focal kyphosis at T5-T6 without significant compression deformity. There is a small epidural hematoma at T5-6 level. There is T5 cord contusion and/or transection with edema superiorly to T4 and inferiorly to T6 levels. There is paraspinal hematoma extending from T3 to T7. There are small bilateral pleural effusion and airspace disease likely a combination of atelectasis and pulmonary contusion. Please refer to the dedicated CT chest report.
IMPRESSION:

1. T5 cord contusion and/or transection with edema superiorly to T4 and inferiorly to T6 levels. 2. Unstable flexion injury centered at T5-T6 with involvement of the anterior T5-T6 disc and extension to the posterior elements of T3 and T4 associated with posterior ligamentous complex injury probably from T3 to T6 level possible strain of the anterior ligamentous complex at T6 and a small epidural hematoma. 3. No gross evidence of cervical fracture or ligamentous injury or cord compression within the limitation of layering secretion in the posterior pharynx secondary to to tube placement. 4. Possible small amount of left temporal parenchymal contusion or tiny subarachnoid hemorrhage. This can be monitored by noncontrast enhanced CT head. Findings discussed with and acknoweledged by Dr. Bohman and Dr. Jacobs soon after completion of the examination.