Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

MRI Brain: Images are mildly degraded by motion which limits the sensitivity of the examination. Focal regions of abnormal flair signal noted within the cortex of the right parietal lobe including the pre-and postcentral gyri which demonstrate increased signal on diffusion weighted imaging without definite decrease in signal on the ADC map. The parenchyma is otherwise unremarkable. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is no pathologic enhancement. Mucous retention cyst noted in the left maxillary sinus. MRA Head and Neck: Images are mildly degraded by motion which limits the sensitivity of the examination. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segements. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. The bilateral vertebral common carotid and cervical internal carotid arteries are markedly tortuous but widely patent. External carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis. Scout view demonstrates bilateral lung apices likely pleural effusions. MRI of the Thoracic Spine: Images are severely degraded by motion which limits the sensitivity of the examination. Kyphosis and dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is noted. The spinal canal is widely patent. No gross cord signal abnormalities are identified within the limitations of the examination. No large epidural collection is identified. No large regions of abnormal enhancement are noted. Bone marrow signal is heterogeneous which is nonspecific but can be seen in the setting of advanced patient age anemia and smoking clinical correlation recommended. Focal areas of increased signal noted on the axial and postcontrast T2 sequences within the ribs of the upper thoracic spine (series 41-14 and series 19 images 12 and 13) are incompletely characterized as there is no precontrast T1 sequence. MRI of the Lumbar Spine: Images are severely degraded by motion which limits the sensitivity of the examination. Overall vertebral body height and alignment are maintained. Mild multilevel degenerative changes are noted most pronounced at the L3-L4 level where there is a small posterior disc bulge causing effacement of the anterior CSF space. The conus terminates at the T12 - L1 level. The cauda equina nerve roots are not clearly delineated likely due to to significant motion. No gross cord signal abnormalities are identified within the limitations of the examination. No large epidural collection is identified. No large regions of abnormal enhancement are noted. Bone marrow signal is heterogeneous which is nonspecific but can be seen in the setting of advanced patient age anemia and smoking clinical correlation recommended.
IMPRESSION:

1. Focal regions of abnormal flair signal within the cortex of the right parietal lobe including the pre-and postcentral gyri without definite restricted effusion or enhancement. Differential considerations would include changes from recent seizure hypotensive episode or less likely given the distribution of absence of definite restricted diffusion infarction. 2. No hemodynamically significant stenosis within the visualized intracerebral arteries. 3. No hemodynamically significant stenosis within the visualized cervical arteries. 4. Evaluation of the thoracic and lumbar spine is severely limited by significant motion artifact. No gross evidence of large cord infarct large region of abnormal enhancement or large epidural collection. *ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: In addition to the right hemispheric abnormalities there is an additional cortical lesion in the medial aspect of left parietal lobe. These are sufficiently small that it is difficult to identify restricted diffusion but there is no evidence of T2 shine through. I think these are most likely embolic infarcts since there is no evidence of basal ganglia changes usually seen with anoxia but that remains a consideration. THe bone marrow is diffusely abnormal suggesting underlying bony metastatic disease likely prostate. The findings were relayed directly to Dr. Lesneski at 3:45 am on August 3 2010.