Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Brain: There is no restricted diffusion or abnormal susceptibility. There is no abnormal enhancement in the brain. There is increased FLAIR signal enhancement and thickening focally in the dura overlying the left frontoparietal region SE 5 Im 28 SE 6 Im 16 and SE 11 Im 11. This area is also slightly T1 hyperintense on sagittal unenhanced T1-weighted images. Findings are nonspecific and may reflect a chronic tiny subdural collection with associated dural enhancement or dural thickening/enhancement secondary to inflammatory etiologies and/or en plaque meningioma. No mass effect. The ventricles and sulci are prominent likely reflecting age related volume loss. There are scattered foci of increased FLAIR signal in the white matter nonspecific but likely sequelae of chronic ischemia. The vascular flow voids are unremarkable. Incidental note of a probable tiny developmental venous anomaly in the left frontal lobe series 11 image 30. Mild mucosal changes in the ethmoid air cells. Cervical spine: Cervical lordosis is maintained. There is slight diffuse loss of height of the C5 vertebral body. Otherwise the vertebral body heights are preserved. There is multilevel disc desiccation with mild disk space narrowing at C3-4 through C6-7 levels. Cervicomedullary junction and visualized spinal cord demonstrate normal signal characteristics and morphology. At C2-3 there is no posterior disc abnormality spinal canal stenosis or neural foraminal stenosis. At C3-4 there is a small posterior disc osteophyte with mild spinal canal stenosis. Mild right greater than left uncovertebral arthrosis. No significant neural foraminal narrowing. At C4-5 there is a moderate posterior disc osteophyte with mild spinal canal stenosis. There is mild ventral flattening of the cord without intrinsic signal abnormality. Mild right greater than left uncovertebral arthrosis with mild right and no significant left neural foraminal narrowing. At C5-6 there is a moderate posterior disc osteophyte. left greater right as well as moderate left greater than right uncovertebral arthrosis. Mild spinal canal stenosis. There is mild to moderate bilateral neural foraminal narrowing. At C6-7 there is no posterior disc abnormality spinal canal stenosis or neural foraminal stenosis. At C7-T1 there is no posterior disc abnormality spinal canal stenosis or neural foraminal stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Focal mild dural thickening vs. collection with associated enhancement overlying the left frontoparietal region. This is a nonspecific finding and differential diagnosis includes a tiny chronic subdural hematoma/collection en plaque meningioma and inflammatory/infectious/neoplastic meningeal process. Follow-up MR imaging in 4-6 weeks advised. Consider CSF sampling. 2. Mild multilevel degenerative changes of the cervical spine as above worse at C5-6 level. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.