Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There are several foci of restricted diffusion in the left MCA/PCAand left ACA/MCA watershed distribution consistent with smallinfarcts. There are other areas of small infarcts within the leftparietal and left frontal cortex which are likely not watershedin nature. Additional areas of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity are notedin the subcortical and periventricular white matter consistentsmall vessel disease. There are multiple old lacunar infarcts inbilateral basal ganglia.There is a small right frontal subdural collection consistentwith a chronic subdural hematoma. There is diffuse duralenhancement likely from this.There is mild narrowing of the precavernous and moderate narrowingof the cavernous segments of the left ICA. There is no aneurysmaldilatation or stenosis seen involving theright cavernous internalcarotid arteries bilateral supraclinoid internal carotidarteries or the anterior and middle cerebral arteries and theirproximal branches. Although the distal intradural right vertebralartery and left virtue artery are noted the proximal rightintradural for tubal artery is not well delineated. There isextensive irregularity and moderate narrowing of the midsection ofthe basilar artery with a possible ulcerated lesion. The distalbasilar however is normal commanders normal flow relatedenhancement into the posterior cerebral arteries.MR angiography of the neck demonstrates no evidence ofhemodynamically significant stenosis of the common or internalcarotid arteries in the neck. The right vertebral artery is notvisualized from the origin through its proximal intraduralsegment. There are areas of irregularity within the left distalvertebral and basilar artery.
IMPRESSION:

1. Area of acute infarction of the left ACA/MCA and MCA/PCAwatershed region as detailed above. There are also corticalinfarcts are probably not watershed.2. Subdural collection.3. Sequela of small vessel ischemic disease with old lacunarinfarcts.4. Complete occlusion of the right vertebral artery.5. Atherosclerotic changes of the left distal vertebral andbasilar arteries with mild narrowing of the pre cavernous andmoderate narrowing of the cavernous left ICA.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation