Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There is cerebral volume loss. There are scattered patchy foci of subcortical white matter periventricular whitematter bilateral cerebellar T2 hyperintensity. Findings arenonspecific however likely the sequela of small vessel ischemicdisease. In addition there is more confluent T2 hyperintensesignal noted in the right posterior frontal subcortical whitematter and to a lesser degree in the left posterior frontalsubcortical white matter. These areas may represent regions ofmore focal ischemic change. No acute infarction is seen. Thethalami and basal ganglia are unremarkable. No enhancinglesions are seen.The ventricles are stable in size prior CT. Once again noted isthe dependant blood within the atria of the bilateral lateralventricles. There is loss of flow void of the right vertebralartery on axial T2 weighted sequences with T2 hyperintense signalwithin the lumen of the vessel.The cervical spine once again demonstrates fractures of C1 and C6levels as seen on prior CT. There is epidural hematoma in theright posterior epidural space centered at the C5-6 level. Thisepidural hematoma measures approximately 1.8 cm in maximum axialdimension x 1.0 cm orthogonal. The hematoma does causedisplacement of the thecal sac and cord towards the left ventralaspect of the central canal. No CSF signal is seen around thecord at this level although the cord signal does appear grosslynormal. The epidural hematoma extends superiorly to the C2-3level and inferiorly to C7 level.At C2-C3: There is a disk-osteophyte complex with a central discprotrusion causing effacement of the ventral CSF and mild centralcanal stenosis and no significant neural foraminal narrowing.At C3-C4: There is a disk-osteophyte complex causing effacement ofthe ventral CSF and mild central canal stenosis and mild rightneural foraminal narrowing.At C4-C5: There is a disk-osteophyte complex in combination withposterior-right epidural hematoma causing moderate central canalstenosis and mild right neural foraminal narrowing.At C5-C6: There is a disk-osteophyte complex in combination withposterior-right epidural hematoma causing severe central canalstenosis and no significant neural foraminal narrowing. On axialgradient sequences the epidural hematoma does appear to extendinto the right neural foramen.At C6-C7: There is a disk-osteophyte complex causing effacement ofthe ventral CSF and mild central canal stenosis and mild rightneural foraminal narrowing.At C7-T1: There is no significant disk-osteophyte complex causingany central canal stenosis and no significant neural foraminalnarrowing.MRA of the neck demonstrates lack of signal within the rightvertebral artery from its origin to its intracranial portions.There is patency of the left vertebral artery extending superiorlyto a patent basilar artery. No definite hyperintense signal isnoted within the cervical portions of the right vertebral arteryon fat saturated axial T1 sequences. There is hyperintense signalwithin the right vertebral artery intracranial segments howeverthis is thought to be artifactual. There is patency of thebilateral common carotid arteries and bilateral internal carotidarteries. No hemodynamically significant stenoses are noted withinthe carotid arteries.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarction in the brain. Likely chronic small vesselischemic changes.2. Stable intraventricular hemorrhage with stable ventricularsize.3. C1 and C6 level fractures with posterior epidural hematoma atC5-C6 level as detailed above. This hematoma is causing severecentral canal stenosis at C5-C6 level.4. Lack of signal in the right vertebral artery from its originto its intracranial portions. No definite dissection. Patent leftvertebral artery extending to a patent basilar artery.5. Findings discussed with Dr. Bhowmick from neurosurgery at thetime of interpretation.