Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There are extensive nonspecific confluent areas of T2/flair hyperintensity in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter most consistent with small vessel ischemic disease. There is internal decreased edema along the removed right frontal ventriculostomy catheter tract. Susceptibility is noted in the bilateral occipital horns and the body of the right lateral ventricle multiple sulci in the right greater than left hemispheres without associated flair signal abnormality most consistent with blood degradation products related to prior subarachnoid and intraventricular hemorrhages. Similar findings are noted along the right frontal catheter tract. A pinpoint focus of facilitated diffusion is noted in the left posterior frontal lobe at the vertex on image 89 series 2 not appreciated on the prior study likely resolving subacute to chronic infarct. There is stable susceptibility artifact from the suprasellar coil mass. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage acute ischemia extracerebral fluid collection midline shift. Although comparison of different modalities makes it difficult to assess there is a mild diffuse increase in ventricular size concerning for communicating hydrocephalus. The visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. Small amount of fluid is noted in bilateral mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bilateral white matter changes most likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. 2. Blood degradation products in the ventricles and subarachnoid spaces related to prior intraventricular and subarachnoid hemorrhages. 3. Likely subacute to chronic pinpoint left posterior frontal infarct. 4. Mild possible increase in ventricular size concerning for communicating hydrocephalus. Clinical correlation and follow-up imaging is recommended. 5. No acute focal parenchymal brain abnormality. 6. Fluid in bilateral mastoid air cells. The findings were discussed with Dr. Crawford at 12:18 am on 05/16/09. Attending interpretation: Agree with above.