Diseases: ['meningioma', 'hemangiopericytoma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Again seen is a right skull base and extraaxial mass that is seen extending along the cerebellopontine angle inferiorly along the right petrous bone. The mass extends through the right jugular foramen as well as in the right aspect of the superior cervical spinal canal. The mass is T1 isointense T2 iso- to hyperintense and enhances with contrast. Within the superior aspect of the mass there now what appears to be hemorrhagic fluid levels. There has been interval increase in the size of the intracranial portion of the mass with increased mass effect upon the right pons. There also appears to be some cystic or necrotic portions to this mass. There is also increased invasion of the clivus and Meckel""s cave on the right. Mass effect upon the right medulla and right cerebellum is again noted. The mass abuts the right carotid artery posteriorly and does erode the right petrous bone and the right clivus. Please see CT scan from July 10 for additional details of bony involvement. There may also be involvement of the right cavernous sinus. The inferior aspect of the mass in the neck is not scanned on axial sequences however is included on coronal sequences. If further evaluation of the neck is desired an MRI neck can be performed. Along the right temporal lobe again seen is in extraaxial enhancing lesion is stable from prior examination. This likely represents a stable meningioma. The white matter demonstrates stable bilateral periventricular and subcortical scattered foci of hyperintense signal which in the appropriate clinical setting is consistent with small vessel ischemic disease. No hydrocephalus is noted. The sinuses and mastoid air cells demonstrates no abnormalities. The calvarium demonstrates diffuse increased thickness unchanged.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval increase in size of the intracranial component of a right skull base mass as described as well as increased clival invasion and invasion into Meckel""s cave. Differential diagnosis may include atypical meningioma or hemangiopericytoma. Given the relatively slow growth a dural metastasis is felt to be less likely.2. Stable right temporal meningioma.I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.