Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Brain MRI: Study somewhat motion degraded especially postcontrast sequences. Post-surgical changes related to right frontotemporal craniotomy for resection of right cribriform plate arteriovenous fistula. As seen on the prior CT there is an extraaxial collection underlying the craniotomy measuring up to 9 mm in thickness. This demonstrates loculations and enhancing septations with areas that do not completely suppress on FLAIR images likely related to old blood products. No restricted diffusion to indicate infection. Dural thickening underlying the craniotomy and surrounding this collection likely post-surgical. Areas of susceptibility artifact at the margins of the collection compatible with blood products. There is mild mass effect on the underlying right frontal lobe with sulcal effacement. Signal abnormality at the anterior right frontal lobe along the cribriform plate related to two vascular clips seen on the prior CT. Susceptibility artifact related to these clips and probable blood products. Mild focal encephalomalacia of the adjacent right frontal lobe with FLAIR signal abnormality probably postsurgical. Additional area of susceptibility underlying the inferomedial right frontal lobe at the cribriform plate likely related to old blood products. There is post-surgical mild dural thickening extending along the anterior right frontal convexity to the midline. There is a small area of ill-defined enhancement along the midline above the cribiform plate and posteromedial to the surgical clips (series 28 image 62) measuring about 2 x 9 mm where tortuous vessels were seen on the pre-operative MRI. This may also be post-surgical though small recurrent dural AV fistula is not excluded. Area is difficult to evaluate given small amount of enhancement motion artifact and proximity to the skull base and ethmoids. No intracranial tortuous vessels or flow voids are evident on today's examination. No evidence of acute infarct acute intracranial hemorrhage or midline shift. Stable areas of T2 prolongation without mass effect in the central pons. Additional mild periventricular deep and subcortical white matter foci of T2 prolongation nonspecific but likely sequelae of chronic small vessel ischemia. Mild ethmoidal air cell mucosal inflammatory changes. Mild leftward nasal septal deviation. Mild mucosal thickening in the mastoid air cells. MRA: No evidence of recurrent arteriovenous fistula noting that this may be below the sensitivity of MRA which is also degraded by susceptibility at the site of resection related blood products and vascular clips. Conventional angiography could provide better evaluation if there is persistent clinical concern. Mild contour irregularity of the cavernous and supraclinoid interncal carotid artery segments and the right A1 segment likely related to atherosclerotic changes. Intracranial right vertebral artery appears hypoplastic with dominant left vertebral artery. Otherwise there is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. No evidence of significant areas of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. Trifurcation of the anterior cerebral arteries a normal variant. MRV: The superior sagittal sinus straight sinus bilateral transverse and bilateral sigmoid sinuses are patent.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post-surgical changes related to right frontotemporal craniotomy for resection of right cribriform plate arteriovenous fistula as detailed. Associated chronic right frontal subdural hematoma without evidence of infection. 2. Very small area of Il-defined enhancement posteromedial to vascular clips and overlying the cribiform plate (series 28 image 62) may be post-surgical though small recurrent dural AV fistula is not excluded. No tortuous vessels or flow voids are evident on today's examination. Further evaluation with conventional angiogram can be obtained if clinical concern persists. 3. No evidence of acute infarct or hemorrhage. 4. Patency of the intracranial circulation as above. 5. Patent dural sinuses as described above.