Diseases: ['metastasis', 'meningitis', 'sarcoidosis', 'hydrocephalus', 'hydrocephalus', 'meningioma', 'metastasis', 'hemangiopericytoma']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated are two dominant enhancing masses. The first is an irregular ill-defined enhancing mass involving the vermis and right cerebellum distorting the posterior right fourth ventricle surrounding the increased intensity on T2 weighted images likely at least some component of edema with additional mass-effect including extension of cerebellar tonsils through the foramen magnum with pointed configuration and also ascending extension of cerebellar vermis into tentorial incisura. Lateral and third ventricles are moderately dilated including temporal horns and there is mild increased intensity on the flair images around the ventricular margin suggesting transependymal CSF flow and at least some component of hydrocephalus. The sella is moderately enlarged and has a partially empty appearance which may indicate component of long standing increased intracranial pressure. The aqueduct can still be seen but this may be point of obstruction also possible is obstruction at level of foramen magnum and/or subarachnoid space. There does appear to be some enhancement along cerebellar sulci such that subarachnoid space disease is suspected better seen on postcontrast flair images. The second mass appears dural based and extend into and possibly occludes the superior sagittal sinus extends on both sides of the falx. Bony involvement is better demonstrated on the comparison study at midline. Mass extends along the falx inferiorly and there is thickening and enhancement of the falx anterior to this which may represent combination of venous congestion and/or reactive enhancement. Redemonstrated is material in frontal sinus possibly inflammatory but incompletely evaluated. There are additional hyperintensities on the flair images scattered in the deep white matter nonspecific and stable possibly chronic small vessel ischemic changes.
IMPRESSION:

1. Irregular enhancing mass cerebellum with mass-effect mild to moderate surrounding probable edema which appears less than expected for size of lesion and if this is a metastasis and the mass is ill-defined which is not typical for metastatic disease. There is probable subarachnoid space involvement. Differential includes metastatic disease but could be carcinomatous meningitis primary neoplasm not excluded. There is also a history of sarcoidosis however and this could represent an inflammatory mass related to this diagnosis. These findings are associated with hydrocephalus with partially of the sella which may indicate chronic component of increased intracranial pressure although there is transependymal CSF signal abnormality which may represent acute on more chronic hydrocephalus. Note is also made that tonsils have descended through foramen magnum which may be related to mass effect but with pointed configuration comparison to any prior studies would be most helpful to assess for change in this regard but at any rate there is clearly mass-effect in the posterior fossa with effacement of fourth ventricle distortion of dorsal brainstem and fourth ventricle and extension into tentorial incisura. 2. Dural based mass centered on falx invades and may occlude superior sagittal sinus. Differential diagnosis includes meningioma dural based metastasis or hemangiopericytoma possible inflammatory mass less likely. Discussed with Dr. Thawani in neurosurgery 7/15/2011 1030 hours.