Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Brain: There is a small subdural hematoma in the left temporo-parieto-occipital region with no significant mas effect or midline shift. Layering of susceptibility is seen in bilateral occipital horns compatible with layering hemorrhage. There are also scattered cortical/subcortical foci of susceptibility in the parieto-occipital lobes bilaterally and right temporal lobe of undetermined age but which may be due to small cortical contusions in the setting of trauma.Layering of susceptibility are seen in bilateral occipital horns compatible with layering hemorrhage. There are also scattered. There is no extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Prominent periventricular deep and subcortical FLAIR signal abnormality likely related to chronic ischemic small vessel changes. Chronic lacunar infarct in the posterior lateral left thalamus. Chronic small bilateral cerebellar infarcts. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear. Cervical spine: There is increased stir signal in the posterior paravertebral soft tissues extending from C2 to C7 which can be due to combination of soft tissue edema muscle strain and intra/interspinous ligamentous injury. Remaining ligamentous structures are unremarkable. No abnormal bone marrow edema to suspect fractures. Multilevel intervertebral disk space narrowing and endplate degenerative changes. Mild retrolisthesis of C3 on C4 C4 and C5 and C5 on C6. Otherwise alignment marrow signal vertebral height are within normal limits. Visualized spinal cord of normal signal and size. C2-3: No spinal canal or foraminal narrowing. C3-4: Posterior osteophyte disk complex uncal arthrosis and facet hypertrophy cause moderate spinal canal and severe left and moderate to severe right foraminal narrowing. C4-5: Posterior osteophyte disk complex uncal arthrosis and facet hypertrophy cause moderate spinal canal and severe bilateral foraminal narrowing. C5-6: Posterior osteophyte disk complex uncal arthrosis and facet hypertrophy cause mild to moderate spinal canal and severe right and moderate to severe left foraminal narrowing. C6-7: Posterior osteophyte disk complex uncal arthrosis and facet hypertrophy cause moderate bilateral foraminal narrowing. No significant spinal canal narrowing. C7-T1: No significant spinal canal or foramina narrowing.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small subdural hematoma in the left temporo-parieto-occipital region with no significant mass effect. 2. Mild amount of acute intraventricular hemorrhage. Cortical/subcortical susceptibility may be due to acute cortical contusions in the setting of trauma or due to prior old microhemorrhages. 3. Increased STIR signal in the posterior paravertebral soft tissues extending from C2 to C7 which can be due to combination of soft tissue edema muscle strain and intra/interspinous ligamentous injury. 4. Multilevel degenerative changes of the cervical spine as described above.