Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hygroma', 'hydrocephalus', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Again seen is dilation of the right anterior/inferior cerebellar artery see images 43 through 48 of series 3 and also seen well on series 102. Signal within the segment is poor but maximum diameter is approximately 3 mm and the configuration is not significantly changed compared to the angiogram from 12/27/11. The right superior cerebellar artery saccular aneurysm does not demonstrate flow related enhancement but is visualized on image 71 of series 3 and the MRA source images and on image 12 of series 7 (T2 weighted series). As seen on the prior angiogram there is fusiform dilation of the left A2 segment seen on image 78 of series 3 and images 9 through 14 of series 101. Maximum diameter is 3 mm unchanged. Fusiform narrowing of the supraclinoid left ICA is apparent on the 3-dimensional reconstructed images as seen on the angiogram. The supraclinoid right ICA also appears to have fusiform narrowing but this may be artifactual. No new aneurysms are seen. There is no vascular occlusion.
IMPRESSION:

1. New 6-mm subdural collection over the left hemisphere and tracking along the tentorium with mild mass effect 3 mm left to right midline shift. The collection is isointense on T1 and hyperintense on T2. There is no susceptibility artifact on the T2 weighted gradient echo sequence. Signal characteristics may fit hyperacute hemorrhage though hematoma would be expected to be more heterogeneous and biopsy was performed 6 days earlier. Proteinaceous subdural hygroma could also be considered. Consideration could be given to a noncontrast CT to diagnose hemorrhage. Regardless short-term interval follow-up is recommended to assess for change in collection and mass-effect. 2. Improving hydrocephalus. 3. Aneurysms of the right superior cerebellar artery right anterior/inferior cerebellar artery and the A2 segment of the left anterior cerebral artery are unchanged compared to the prior cerebral angiogram from 12/27/11 4. Redemonstration of fusiform mild narrowing of the left supraclinoid ICA. On MRA the right supraclinoid ICA also appears to have mild fusiform narrowing. 5. Expected evolution of blood products in the occipital horns and superficial siderosis in the posterior fossa from prior subarachnoid hemorrhage. No new intracranial hemorrhage. 6. Abnormal T2/flair signal in the right middle cerebellar peduncle below the level of the right superior cerebellar artery aneurysm uncertain etiology.