Diseases: ['metastasis', 'metastasis', 'meningioma', 'hemangiopericytoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a 2.3 x 1.7 x 1.7 cm extra-axial enhancing mass medial to the left temporal lobe which extends into and expands Meckel's cave; this mass extends along the left tentorial incisura and slightly effaces the left aspect of the pre-pontine cistern. This mass abuts however does not definitively extend into foramen ovale. The mass extends to the lateral border of the left cavernous sinus. The inferior margin of this mass is in close proximity to the flow void of the petrous segment the left internal carotid artery without evidence of narrowing of vascular flow void. There is adjacent mild edema within the uncal aspect of the left temporal lobe. There is no restricted diffusion in the brain. There is generalized parenchymal volume loss without disproportionate ventriculomegaly. The intracranial flow voids are normal. Mild patchy nonspecific FLAIR hyperintensity is noted within the periventricular white matter which could reflect sequela of microvascular ischemic changes. Bilateral mastoid fluid. There is right maxillary mucosal thickening as well as ethmoid mucosal changes. The patient is status post bilateral cataract resection. There is nonspecific T1 hypointense marrow signal noted within the occipital bone without discrete soft tissue component appreciated. There is also abnormal marrow signal suggestive of the left inferior aspect of the clivus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing mass centered within the left Meckel's cave with extension along the tentorial incisura as detailed. There is adjacent edema within the left temporal lobe. Leading differential considerations would include dural based metastasis versus soft tissue component of a metastasis arising from the adjacent left greater sphenoid wing. Extra-axial primary neoplasm such as meningioma or hemangiopericytoma could have a similar appearance but felt to be less likely given patient's clinical history. Correlation with prior MR imaging would be helpful if available. Correlation with head CT could be helpful to assess for underlying osseous abnormalities.