Diseases: ['hematoma', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

Brain: There may be a few scattered foci of susceptibility in the left anterior temporal left inferior frontal and superior left frontal white matter near the gray-white junction. None are seen in the corpus callosum were cerebral peduncles. No acute midline shift hydrocephalus or extracerebral fluid collection. No acute infarct. A few scattered nonspecific areas of white matter T2 prolongation. Prominent sulci and ventricles for patient's age. Post-contrast imaging is degraded by motion artifact. No definite foci of abnormal enhancement. Mucosal thickening of all paranasal sinuses. Hypoplastic frontal sinuses. Bilateral mastoid air cell opacification. Fluid in nasopharynx probably related to tubes. Cervical spine: Fluid in nasopharynx and trachea above the tracheostomy tube balloon. Alignment is within normal limits. Marrow signal is borderline low on T1 weighted images which could be related to anemia or marrow dyscrasia. There is edema involving the entire C5 vertebral body and also along the superior endplate of C6. There is slightly increased T2 signal in the C5-C6 and disc which appears decreased in height. The anterior longitudinal ligament is poorly evaluated at the C4-5 through C6-7 level; and there is pre-vertebral fluid and a focal masslike area of material centered at the mid body of C5 displacing the trachea anteriorly appearing since the prior cervical spine CT. The posterior longitudinal ligament is focally indistinct posterior to C6. The interspinous ligaments appear intact. While on axial images (series 7 image 14) and there is a suggestion of increased central cord signal on the right at C6 and this is not confirmed in the sagittal plane. No definite evidence of cord signal abnormality which can be confirmed in two imaging planes. No definite evidence of hemorrhagic cord contusion. MRA neck: Evaluation of the right distal internal carotid on fat saturated images is degraded by susceptibility artifact perhaps from an overlying device. Course and caliber of the cervical arterial vasculature is within normal limits to the skull base. The right intradural vertebral artery becomes diffusely more narrow after the origin of the right posterior inferior cerebellar artery a normal finding.
IMPRESSION:

1. A few possible foci of shear injury within the brain predominantly in the left temporal and left frontal lobes. 2. Evaluation for ligamentous injury of the anterior longitudinal ligament is limited as it is difficult to determine the etiology of the pre-vertebral edema which could be related to the presence of airway and enteric tubes versus ligamentous injury. 3. Focal indistinctness of the posterior longitudinal ligament posterior to C6 could potentially be related to motion artifact. Posterior longitudinal ligament injury cannot be excluded. 4. Masslike area of signal anterior to C5 displacing trachea anteriorly could represent a focal hematoma appearing since the prior CT examination. 5. Edema of the C5 and C6 vertebral bodies could represent active Modic endplate changes but there is also a suggestion of slightly increased signal in the C5-C6 disc. If there is clinical suspicion for discitis/osteomyelitis the patient should return for contrast enhanced imaging of the cervical spine. No epidural abnormality at this level. 6. No evidence of cervical arterial injury. Follow-up MRI of the cervical spine is advised. Discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Hiesinger at 1:40am at 6/18/08. Attending note: Agree and have personally reviewed the images. I suspect the mass like lesion seven at the level of the larynx is due to distortion from the tube in esophagus and I presume this is of no significance. The signal abnormalities in the multiple vertebral bodies suggests the differential diagnosis of degenerative disease infection and trauma. I suspect it is a combination of degenerative change in marrow edema related to trauma. It would be difficult to exclude infection but these are not typical findings without increased signal at the disc space. If infection is a clinical consideration I would suggest repeat imaging in three to five days time with contrast. The sensitivity of MR for ligamentous injury decreases over time and at 10 days this scan could not exclude the possibility of ligamentous injury but on the basis of the normal alignment and visualization of ligaments I see no reason to think there is a significant ligamentous injury.