Diseases: ['meningioma', 'metastasis', 'hemangiopericytoma']
FINDINGS:

Arising from the tuberculum sella/posterior aspect planum sphenoidale there is a 9 x 5 mm (craniocaudal and transverse) by 7-mm (anterior-posterior) extra-axial homogeneously enhancing mass with a broad based dural tail which extends toward the sella posteriorly and slightly anteriorly. There is minimal mass effect on the adjacent gyrus recti. This mass is in close proximity and may slightly abut the cisternal portion of the left optic nerve. While this mass is adjacent to the anterior cerebral arteries there is no evidence of encasement. Mild convex appearance of the sellar contents of uncertain significance; however height of the sella contents are within normal limits. Within the left aspect of the sellar contents there is an approximately 6 mm hypoenhancing focus appreciated on coronal imaging only and not definitively seen on sagittal and axial sequences. There is no evidence of suprasellar or cavernous sinus extension of this lesion. There is mild rightward deviation of the pituitary stalk. There are no extra cerebral fluid collections. There is no suspicious parenchymal enhancement. No restricted diffusion to suggest acute ischemia. There are a few scattered nonenhancing nonspecific FLAIR white matter hyperintensities the most prominent of which is in the right periatrial white matter. There is no ventriculomegaly. Ethmoidal right maxillary and to a lesser degree bilateral frontal mucosal changes. Mild spondylotic changes suggested of the upper cervical spine. No suspicious pathologic marrow signal changes. Imaged orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing 9-mm tuberculum sella/planum sphenoidale extra-axial dural based mass which may abut the cisternal portion left optic nerve and exerts mild mass-effect on the gyrus recti as detailed. Favor that this most likely represents a meningioma. Dural based metastasis is a consideration but felt to be less likely given that this measured similarly on outside hospital report. Small hemangiopericytoma felt to be less likely as well. Recommend direct comparison with prior imaging to confirm stability. Ongoing attention to this lesion is recommended on follow-up exams. 2. 6-mm hypoattenuating focus suggested within the left aspect of the sella with mild rightward shift of the pituitary stalk. This could reflect a pituitary microadenoma. Consider correlation with clinical and serum signs of endocrine dysfunction. 3. Sinonasal disease as detailed.