Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

The outside CT is not available for review at this time. Again seen are postsurgical changes related to right parietooccipital craniotomy. Resection cavity in the right parieto-occipital lobe has increased in size (now at 3.7 cm AP x 3.2 cm TR x 3.6 cm CC was 2.4 cm). There is a small amount of hemosiderin staining in the surgical cavity with decreased air. There is no significant restricted diffusion with in the surgical cavity to suggest infection/abscess. There is rim enhancement surrounding the surgical cavity with multiple new areas of nodular enhancement esepcially anteriorly inferiorly and posteriorly. These areas are associated with mild diffusion restriction indicating high cellularity and are consistent with tumor progression. Cytotoxic edema is unlikely given lack of restriction on immediate post-operative imaging. Anteriorly the enhancement abutting the ependymal surface of the atrium of the right lateral ventricle. In addition there is marked increase in surrounding T2 prolongation likely a combination of vasogenic edema and infiltrating neoplasm now involves the right parietal posterior temporal and occipital lobes with increased mass effect on the right lateral ventricle displacing the atrium and occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle further anteriorly bowing the right aspect of the third ventricle and causing more extensive sulcal effacement. There is increased right to left midline shift currently measuring approximately 8 to 9 mm. There is mild effacement of the right ambient cistern. No hydrocephalus at this time. There is some sulcal enhancement in the right frontal parietal and occipital lobes likely related to vascular congestion due to edema. Superimposed subtle component of leptomeningeal enhancement cannot be excluded. There is a lentiform extra-axial collection currently measuring approximately 5.5 cm x 1.2 cm beneath the right parietooccipital craniotomy previously measuring 6.1 cm x 0.7 cm increased in size. There is heterogeneous restricted diffusion within this collection especially inferiorly. On the immediate postoperative study there was minimal restricted diffusion in this region. Infection is favored given increase in size although blood products and proteinaceous fluid from shedding of tumor cells into the collection could also give this appearance. Clinically correlate. There is adjacent dural enhancement which may be reactive. There are scattered foci of T2 prolongation in the subcortical and periventricular white matter nonspecific but likely reflecting sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. The expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present as the skull base. The visualized paranasal sinuses are essentially clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enlargement of the right parieto-occipital resection cavity with increased nodular areas of enhancement surrounding the surgical cavity associated with increased cellularity consistent with tumor progression. Nodular areas of enhancement extends to the right periatrial ependymal surface. 2. Increase in size of the extra-axial collection underneath the craniotomy with new heterogeneous restricted diffusion. Infection is favored; proteinaceous fluid from tumor cell shedding and/or blood products are considered less likely. Clinically correlate. 3. Marked increase in T2 prolongation in the right parietal temporal and occipital lobes likely a combination of vasogenic edema and infiltrative neoplasm. There is increased mass effect and 8-9 mm of right to left midline shift. 4. Sulcal enhancement in the right frontal parietal and occipital lobes likely related to vascular congestion due to edema. Superimposed subtle component of leptomeningeal enhancement cannot be excluded. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Bailey at 1:40 a.m. 7/7/2010. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report without modification. For clarification: The epidural collection subjacent to the craniotomy shows heterogeneous T1 hyperintensity signal intensity without overlying bone change or scalp swelling; therefore even though infection cannot be excluded by imaging this can be also a complex hematoma that has developed since the surgery. Findings were communicated with Dr. Ali from Neurosurgery at approximately 9:15 a.m.