Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a large acute right subdural hematoma appearing since recent CT head with right sulcal effacement effacement of right lateral ventricle and midline shift to left of about 3 to 4 mm. This is not visible on the comparison CT. The subdural extends along posterior falx and under right occipital and temporal lobes to a lesser extent and also along the right falx. It extends along right tentorium and there is a hematocrit level layering under the tentorium. There is minimal subarachnoid blood and right cerebellar greater at the left sulci. In addition there is a small left extra-axial collection which is also likely blood though signal characteristics are different than those on the right and subdural effusion is also possible. The collection is not simple fluid however as it does not follow CSF signal intensity on FLAIR images. This is also not seen on the comparison CT. In addition there is abnormal signal intensity left posterior insular and temporoparietal cortex with decreased diffusion suggestive of acute/subacute ischemia. Less likely possibility would be seizure activity if patient is possibly experiencing status epilepticus. On gradient echo images in addition to extra-axial blood on right there is intraventricular blood and likely old blood products left lentiform nucleus compatible with prior hemorrhage (separate from heavy mineralization globus pallidus). Intraventricular hemorrhage was not detected on comparison CT. There are multiple focal hyperintensities on T2-weighted images in periventricular and deep white matter as well as in the deep gray matter structures especially thalamus and also right more than left cerebellar hemispheres a pattern more suggestive of chronic and primarily subcortical ischemic changes.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large right and small left subdural hematoma with associated mass effect and T3-4 mm midline shift with the blood layering along posterior falx and tentorium as well as extra-axial blood and subarachnoid blood infratentorially with hematocrit level. These have appeared since 3/5/2009 at 0900 hrs although signal characteristics of left subdural collection are different than those on right. See above for details. 2. Cortical hyperintensity and decreased diffusion left posterior insular and temporoparietal cortex concerning for acute ischemia. In retrospect this can be seen on the comparison CT where there was subtle blurring of gray-white matter differentiation (series 2 images 19-21). Although ischemia is favored it is conceivable that status epilepticus could cause this pattern correlate clinically. 3. White matter and deep gray matter hyperintensities and volume loss as well as previous old hemorrhage left basal ganglia are suggestive of small vessel ischemic changes and possible prior hypertensive bleed. Findings discussed with Dr. Makani 1500 hours 3/6/2009.