Diseases: ['hemangiopericytoma']
FINDINGS:

Utilizing a 1.5 Tesla unit MRI of the brain was performed and included the following sequences: sagittal and axial T1-weighted axial fast spin echo T2-weighted axial flair axial diffusion weighted and enhanced axial and coronal T1-weighted images. 11 ml Omniscan was administered intravenously. Comparison is made to Brain MRI dated 10/3/2007 A new T1 hypointense T2 heterogeneous enhancing lesion is noted within the region of the left quadrigeminal plate measuring approximately 1.1 x 1.1 cm. A new subcentimeter focus of enhancement also noted within the medial left temporal lobe. There is no significant interval change in the positioning of the ventricular catheter placed via a right frontal approach it traverses the body of the right lateral ventricle. There is increased ventricular dilatation particularly within the lateral and third ventricles. There are bilateral left larger than right cerebral convexity subdural hematomas slightly smaller as compared to prior examination. These extend into the anterior interhemispheric fissure. These do not exert significant mass effect. There is extensive signal abnormality in the left temporal lobe as well as regions of encephalomalacia and a region of porencephaly involving the atrium of the left lateral ventricle. Slightly increased area of T2 signal abnormality noted surrounding the atrium of the left lateral ventricle. There has been a left temporal craniectomy and there is a collection overlying the craniectomy site which presumably contains cerebrospinal fluid this is decreased in size as compared to the prior examination. There are scattered foci of increased signal intensity in the bifrontal white matter these may be at sites of prior shunt catheters. Diffuse smooth dural enhancement likely reactive in etiology.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post resection of left hemangiopericytoma with postoperative changes as detailed. Two new foci of enhancement within the left quadrigeminal plate and medial temporal lobe concerning for recurrence. Slightly increased T2/FLAIR signal abnormality surrounds the resection cavity. 2. Interval significant increased size of the lateral and third ventricles. This finding was conveyed to Dr. Sanborn at the time of interpretation. 3. Persistent bilateral subdural hematomas or proteinaceous fluid collections slightly smaller as compared to prior examination.