Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Again noted are postoperative changes from left craniotomy. There remains a thin subdural hematoma about the left cerebral hemisphere and interhemispheric fissure with effacement of the underlying cerebral sulci and 3-mm rightward midline shift not significantly changed from the most recent head CT of 6/24/2011. In addition there is a thin subdural hematoma about the right cerebral convexity posteriorly as well as thin subdural hematoma about the left cerebellar hemisphere medially. Restricted diffusion within these collections is of uncertain clinical significance given the fact that blood products can confound diffusion weighted imaging. Few scattered residual foci of subarachnoid hemorrhage noted about the superior left and posterior right cerebral convexities. There are 2-3 foci of acute/subacute ischemia involving the genu of the corpus callosum on the left. With contrast there are at least 3 areas of nodular enhancement unclear if leptomeningeal or cortical in location involving the left parafalcine superior frontal region (series 9 image 25) left parafalcine anterior frontal region (series 9 image 20) and inferomedial frontal regions along the anterior skull base (series 9 image 15). Findings may related to focal disruption of blood brain barrier related to subacute ischemia from prior subfalcine herniation. Attention to this region on follow-up imaging is advised. Focal regions of infection is considered unlikely given the pattern of findings. Scattered foci of hyperintense T2/FLAIR signal abnormality within the periventricular and subcortical white matter are non-specific though likely reflective of chronic microvascular ischemic change in a patient of this age. Old lacunar infarcts in bilateral cerebellar hemispheres. The cerebral volume is age-appropriate. There is no parenchymal mass or acute parenchymal hemorrhage. Subtotal opacification of the left mastoid air cells and middle ear cavity.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postoperative changes related to left-sided craniotomy. Persistent thin subdural hematoma about the left cerebral hemisphere and interhemispheric fissure with stable resultant mass-effect. Thin subdural hematoma about the right cerebral convexity posteriorly and about the left cerebellar hemisphere medially. 2. Foci of acute/subacute ischemia involving the genu of the corpus callosum on the left. 3. Nodular foci of enhancement involving the left parafalcine superior frontal and anterior frontal regions as well as inferomedial frontal regions as detailed above. Findings may related to focal disruption of blood brain barrier related to subacute ischemia from prior subfalcine herniation. Attention to this region on follow-up imaging is advised. Focal regions of infection is considered unlikely given the pattern of findings.