Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes are redemonstrated from suboccipital craniectomy with mesh placement for resection of a ventral dural based posterior fossa mass. Susceptibility from known vascular clip at the level of the foramen magnum and suboccipital mesh is noted with other scattered foci of susceptibility present adjacent to the resection cavity likely representing a combination of blood products and/or gas within this region. There is slight interval increase in a right parieto-occipital scalp fluid collection intermixed with gas adjacent to the craniectomy site. There is similar appearance of the resection cavity on FLAIR images with persistent left dorsolateral displacement of the medulla (and to a lesser degree pons) with similar ventral deformity of the cerebellum. There is suggestion of slight increasing effacement of the fourth ventricle when compared to July 14 exam. Slight interval increase in prominence of subdural fluid collection about the right cerebellar hemisphere measuring up to 6 mm in maximal thickness with remainder of subdural products adjacent to resection cavity appearing similar. Please see recent prior MRI brain report for complete description of the surgical bed. The presence of blood products gas and susceptibility from suboccipital mesh and vascular clip limits assessment for ischemia within the posterior fossa. No new territorial regions of restricted diffusion are convincingly seen. Postsurgical changes are noted from right parietal approach ventriculostomy with similar appearing 1.3-cm hematoma and adjacent edema within the right parietal lobe about the ventriculostomy tract. Ventricular caliber is overall stable with dependent blood products within the occipital horns of the lateral ventricles. Probable pneumocephalus within the temporal and frontal horns of the right lateral ventricle pre-pontine cistern suprasellar cistern and adjacent to the frontal lobes. There are other scattered foci of susceptibility overlying the vertex which are nonspecific. There is mild diffuse FLAIR gyral hyperintensity which is nonspecific however favored to reflect sequela of high FiO2 administration as the patient is intubated. Similar appearing FLAIR hyperintensities throughout the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter supratentorially which are nonspecific however could reflect sequela of microvascular ischemic changes. Similar nonspecific fluid right mastoid air cells superiorly. Left maxillary mucous retention cyst versus polyp with decreasing secretions within the maxillary sinuses. Mild ethmoidal mucosal changes. Oral route tube is noted. Secretions suggested within the imaged aerodigestive tract.
IMPRESSION:

1. Limited assessment for acute ischemia within the posterior fossa secondary to marked susceptibility as detailed related to recent resection of the dural based posterior fossa mass. Within these limitations there is no convincing evidence of territorial regions of restricted diffusion. 2. Similar postsurgical changes within the posterior fossa with slight increasing prominence of subdural products adjacent to the right cerebellum. Suggestion of slight interval increasing effacement of the fourth ventricle 3. Overall unchanged ventricular caliber in this patient status post right parietal approach ventriculostomy. Hematoma about the ventriculostomy tract is similar.