Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'hemangiopericytoma', 'meningioma', 'pseudotumor', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There is an extra-axial mass centered in left cavernous sinus. The mass enhances homogeneously and results in mass effect upon the left temporal lobe. The mass extends into the sella and left sphenoid sinus. There is extension into and through left-sided foramen ovale foramen rotundum vidian canal Meckel's cave inferior orbital fissure and pterygopalatine fossa. Involvement of the adjacent sphenoid bone is also noted. The mass extends into infratemporal fossa. Enhancing dural tail along the anterior middle cranial fossa is seen. There is also enhancement along both sides of the adjacent tentorium. Caliber of left internal carotid artery is maintained. There is diffuse dilatation of the ventricular system out of proportion to the sulci which may reflect compensatory hydrocephalus versus central volume loss. There is no evidence of abnormal intra or extra axial fluid collections. The basal cisterns are patent. Fluid seen within both mastoid air cells. Diffuse paranasal sinus mucosal thickening noted. MR perfusion demonstrates increased relative cerebral blood volume throughout the enhancing lesion but the time-intensity curve reflects highly permeable lesion and this is not contributory to differential diagnosis for this extraaxial mass. MR spectroscopy does not contribute to the differential diagnosis presence or absence of alanine not confidently established.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing extra-axial mass centered anteromedial to the left temporal lobe. The mass invades the left sphenoid sinus cavernous sinus and multiple skull base foramina extending into pterygopalatine fossa and infratemporal fossa as detailed. Linear ehancement also extends along the adjacent dura and tentorium. Involvement of the bone in left sphenoid wing for which a CT examination is recommended for bony evaluation. Differential diagnosis includes lymphoma hemangiopericytoma and atypical meningioma. Other etiologies including sarcoma are not excluded and inflammatory processes like sarcoid pseudotumor or eosinophilic granuloma are less likely possibilities.2. Diffuse dilatation of the ventricular system out of proportion to the sulci which may reflect compensatory hydrocephalus versus central volume loss.