Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There is again note of a oblong-shaped hematoma in the right frontal lobe which demonstrates some mild enhancement surrounding the lesion suggesting resolving hematoma. There is also a left frontal epidural hematoma again noted. There is dural enhancement peripheral to the hematoma but no actual rim enhancement of the lesion to suggest empyema or infected fluid collection. The ventricles are normal in size and position. There is a left frontal approach ventriculostomy with tip terminating at the level of the foramen of Monro. There is a tiny right frontal convexity subdural hematoma again noted. No subdural empyema appreciated. There is also abnormal signal noted in the medial thalami bilaterally as well as the splenium of the corpus callosum with no restricted diffusion. These findings may suggest anoxic brain injury vs previous infarct from PCA compression. There are numerous FLAIR signal abnormalities in the subcortical white matter bilaterally and primarily in the occipital lobes bilaterally and posterior parietal lobes and one larger lesion in the right frontal lobe. These findings could possibly represent PRES and clinical correlation may be helpful. These do not demonstrate restricted diffusion or enhancement. There is also abnormal signal in the body of the corpous callosum likely traumatic due to previous catheterizations. There is no mass effect midline shift or edema. The visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. Diffusion weighted imaging demonstrates no acute ischemia. Incidental note made of a capillary telangiectasia in the right superior colliculus. There is a surgical clip at the level of the anterior interhemispheric fissure. There is bilateral mastoid air cell opacification.
IMPRESSION:

1. No findings to suggest intracerebral abscess or extraaxial infected fluid collection. The enhancement around the right frontal hematoma suggests resolving hematoma.2. Other pertinent findings include subcortical FLAIR hyperintensities suggesting PRES and clinical correlation advised. There is also abnormal signal of the splenium of corpus callosum and medial thalami and consideration for anoxic brain injury vs previous PCA infarct should be given.3. Bilateral mastoiditis.4. No acute ischemia.5. Right pontine capillary telangiectasia.6. Bilateral frontal extraaxial hematomas left greater than right.Findings discussed with Dr. Bauman of neurosurgery at 10:30pm on December 27 2006