Diseases: ['contusion', 'thrombosis', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

There is reversal of the cervical lordosis centered at C5/6. There is diffuse decreased T1 signal intensity involving marrow of the cervical spine. The cervical spinal cord is normal in morphology and signal intensity. There is no cord compression. There is no definite evidence of ligamentous injury. There is edema involving the subcutaneous soft tissues posterior to the spinal column centered at the C3 level. Prevertebral edema likely related to nasogastric tube. Mild degenerative changes are present most pronounced at C5-C6 and there is a diffuse disc bulge with a small left paracentral disc herniation with small annular tear and left uncovertebral spurring resulting in mild left neural foraminal stenosis without canal stenosis. Left thyroid lesion previously identified on CT is seen on localizer sequence.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post right hemicraniectomy with mild improvement of herniation of brain parenchyma through the craniectomy defect and mild improvement of left to right midline shift currently measuring 3 mm. 2. Extradural fluid collection along the craniectomy site appears slightly larger compared to the prior exam. 3. Large hemorrhagic contusions in the right frontal and temporal lobes appear relatively stable compared to prior CT given difference in technique. 4. Possible superimposed venous ischemia involving the contusion in the left mid/posterior temporal lobe given its progression as well as thrombosis of the left transverse and sigmoid sinus. Possible thrombosis of vein of Labbé. 5. Abnormal signal intensity within the sulci they are present residual subarachnoid hemorrhage or purulent material. 6. Subcutaneous soft tissue edema posterior to the spinal column centered at the C3 level. Otherwise no evidence for traumatic injury involving the cervical spine. 7. Left thyroid lesion. Ultrasound maybe performed for further evaluation 8. Abnormal marrow signal intensity a nonspecific finding which may be seen in the neurologic and/or marrow infiltrative disorders including anemia. Clinically correlate. 9. Mild degenerative changes as described above most severe at C5-6 with associated left foraminal narrowing. Above findings discussed with Dr. Shieh at 5:10 p.m. on July 22 2008.