Diseases: ['meningioma', 'meningioma', 'hemangiopericytoma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Again seen is an enhancing minimally lobulated extra-axial mass left frontal parietal convexity measures about 3 cm in diameter near its base and about 2 cm in depth size measurements are similar to prior although enhanced images were not acquired at that time. There is abnormal increased signal intensity in a vasogenic edema pattern in the brain underlying this increasing. The mass is in proximity to sagittal sinus which does not appear directly involved and continues to show a flow void. The mass may involve or encase a least one cortical vein. Dural tail is evident. There are multiple hyperintensities in deep and subcortical white matter in excess of that expected for age though a nonspecific pattern pattern similar to prior. At least one or two anterior temporal white matter lesions are included. Again seen is focal signal abnormality with T2-dark rim left middle cerebellar peduncle most consistent with cavernoma and unchanged. There is a small T2-dark focus associated with the inner table calvarium left frontal region possibly osteoma stable appearance. Temporal lobes remain symmetric and unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extra-axial mass left frontoparietal convexity near but not definitely involving sagittal sinus though likely encasing at least one cortical vein minimally lobulated border and increasing vasogenic edema in brain underneath the mass since 12/5/2008. No other changes overall size of the mass appears stable although enhanced images not available on the prior study. The appearance is most consistent with meningioma given increase in edema consider also atypical meningioma or hemangiopericytoma. Other possibilities including dural based metastasis or sarcoid less likely. 2. Multiple white matter signal abnormalities on T2-weighted images atypical for age could be treatment related given history of prior radiation for leukemia. 3. Stable left cerebellar cavernoma. Discussed with Dr. Maria Chen neurology.