Diseases: ['amyloid', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There is a parenchymal hemorrhage in the posterior left temporal lobe.A portion of the hemorrhage laterally demonstrates intermediateT1/high T2 signal indicating a bleed less than 3 days in age whilethe majority of the hemorrhage demonstrates high T1/low T2 signalindicating an older bleed 3 to 7 days in age. There is nocorresponding diffusion abnormality to suggest recent infarct andthere seems to be cortical sparing peripheral to hematoma. No largearterial feeder or draining vessel is identified to suggest vascularmalformation. There is surrounding vasogenic edema and mass effectwith sulcal effacement. There is no midline shift. There is a smallamount of intraventricular hemorrhage layering dependently inbilateral occipital horns.Additionally there are foci of subcortical and in some casestranscortical encephalomalacia located within the left frontal rightparietal and right posterior temporal lobes which are indicative ofold infarcts or hemorrhages in general associated with hemosiderin.Gradient echo imaging reveal multiple additional foci of hemosiderindeposition scattered throughout the brain.On the long TR sequences there is abnormal increased signal withinthe parasagittal subcortical white matter left greater than right which may represent prior watershed ischemia.The ventricles cisterns and sulci are normal in size andconfiguration.Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement.The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear.On the MRA examination there is a suggestion of focal stenosis withinthe left posterior cerebral artery however this defect is not clearlyidentified on the source images and may be artifactual. No aneurysmaldilatation or other significant stenosis seen. Please note MRA isless sensitive than conventional angiography for small aneurysms.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left posterior temporal parenchymal hemorrhage with blood productsranging in age from less than 3 days to 3-7 days in age. Old leftfrontal right parietal and posterior right temporal infarcts andmultiple foci of hemosiderin deposition indicating prior hemorrhage.This constellation of findings suggests amyloid angiopathy is a likelyetiology of parenchymal hemorrhage.2. Left greater than right parasagittal pattern of encephalomalacia uncertiain if prior hemorrhagic events have caused this appearance orif there could be underlying watershed ischemic changes.3. Apparent focal stenosis of left PCA as described above.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: WOLF RONALD L MD