Diseases: ['schwannoma']
FINDINGS:

Again seen are changes of a right sided craniectomy with resection of parts of lateral right middle cranial fossa. Postsurgical changes are seen. There has been interval considerable decrease in the right extra-axial fluid collection. Two subcutaneous fluid in the immediate post operative changes have also resolved. There is some dural enhancement near the site of craniotomy. Compared to the prior examination a large portion of the fat packing used at the site of craniectomy has been resorbed. Again seen is enhancing tissue along the anterolateral lower of the right middle cranial fossa at the junction with the infratemporal fossa however this tissue appears slightly thicker and more prominent compared to the prior examination. This enhancing tissue could be granulation tissue but tumor is not excluded. There has been with evolving post surgical change with resolution of post operative fluid collection and dural enhancement. The soft tissue cranioplasty of the right middle cranial fossa demonstrates significant interval decrease in size without no definite mass and expected mild enhancement. The mass effect on the right lateral ventricle has resolved. The ventricles and sulci are slightly prominent in keeping with age related changes. There is T2/FLAIR hyperintensity in the right temporal lobe likely due to posttreatment change. A few scattered punctate foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity are seen in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter a nonspecific finding likely due to small vessel ischemic changes in a patient of this age. The major intracranial arterial flow voids are maintained. The right sided cochlear implant creates significant susceptibility artifact obscuring visualization of parts of surrounding structures and the right lateral temporal lobe. As expected this artifact is much were pronounced on the diffusion weighted and gradient of susceptibility images but otherwise there are no definite areas of restricted diffusion or abnormal diffusion and susceptibility within the brain parenchyma. Redemonstrated is a stable left internal auditory canal/cerebellopontine angle vestibular schwannoma. The right facial nerve is not well evaluated but there is no definite enhancement within it comparing the pre- and post-contrast scans. There is extensive opacification of the right mastoid air cells and middle ear. The orbits are unremarkable. There is mild mucosal thickening and a mucous retention cyst in the left maxillary antrum.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postoperative changes of right temporal fossa/lateral middle cranial fossa tumor resection. Interval evolution of early postoperative changes. Interval resorption of portions of the fat packing. 2. Enhancing tissue just under the temporal craniectomy site and in the infratemporal fossa slightly more prominent and thicker compared to prior exam. This could be due to increased granulation tissue but tumor is not excluded. 3. Stable left vestibular schwannoma.