Diseases: ['meningioma', 'schwannoma']
FINDINGS:

The images are mildly motion degraded. There is recent intraventricular hemorrhage (probably a few days old though ageing of blood products may be altered in contact with CSF) centered in the posterolateral aspect of the anterior horn of the left lateral ventricle with extension into the foramen of Monro third ventricle and posterior horns of the bilateral lateral ventricles. Pattern is concordant with comparison CT. There is mild enhancement at the base of the bleed near the caudate-thalamic notch which may represent venous enhancement doubt but cannot exclude subtle parenchymal pathology with blood adjacent at this time. There is asymmetric enlargement of the left lateral ventricle including temporal horn with 7 mm rightward bulging of the interventricular septum likely due to trapping of the left lateral ventricle due to the blood in the foramen of Monro. There is a right cerebellopontine angle mass that involves the petrous apex and Meckel's cave and is isodense to brain parenchyma on T1 homogeneously bright on T2 and demonstrates homogeneous enhancement post contrast. On the CT there is lucency right petrous apex suggesting bony lytic process. There is mild mass effect on the right side of the pons. There are probable dural tails at the petrous apex. There is extension to but not into the right internal auditory canal. There are extensive bilateral subcortical periventricular and deep white matter foci of T2 and FLAIR hyperintensity nonspecific but most consistent with moderate chronic small vessel ischemic changes. In addition there are bilateral deep grey matter foci of T2 and FLAIR hyperintensity likely representing old lacunar infarcts. There is a punctate focus of susceptibility in the left parietal cortex likely representing a microbleed origin uncertain. Expected anterior and posterior circulation flow voids are seen. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Recent intraventricular hemorrhage centered in the posterolateral aspect of the anterior horn of the left lateral ventricle with extension into the foramen of Monro third ventricle and posterior horns of the bilateral lateral ventricles. Mild enhancement at the base of the bleed near the caudate-thalamic notch which may represent venous enhancement. Origin of the blood is uncertain; the differential diagnosis includes hypertensive bleed trauma and small cavernoma. Consider follow up after blood is resolved. Prior imaging if available may also be helpful. 2. Asymmetric enlargement of the left lateral ventricle including temporal horn with 7 mm rightward bulging of the interventricular septum likely due to trapping of the left lateral ventricle. Right lateral ventricle nondilated. 3. Enhancing right cerebellopontine angle mass involving the petrous apex and Meckel's cave with mild mass effect on the pons and osseous rarification of the right petrous apex demonstrated on recent CT. This lesion most likely represents a meningioma less likely a vestibular schwannoma arising from the right trigeminal nerve. Outside imaging would be helpful to assess for change. 4. Extensive bilateral nonspecific subcortical periventricular and deep white matter foci of T2 and FLAIR hyperintensity which most likely represent age-related small vessel ischemic changes. 5. Bilateral deep grey matter foci of T2 and FLAIR hyperintensity likely representing old lacunar infarcts. 6. Punctate focus of susceptibility in the left parietal cortex likely representing a microbleed but uncertain origin and no others. Addendum: MRI from 12/16/2009 at PAH has been located and is now available consisting of planning study presumably for gamma knife. Superiormost section is at level of abnormality and though no abnormal enhancement detected in that location the coverage is insufficient for direct comparison. The enhancing mass right CP angle/petrous apex region is similar in size and extent.