Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple punctate foci of restricted diffusion in the left frontal lobe around the trigone of the left lateral ventricle and in posterior right centrum semiovale. The distribution of these findings is suspicious for an embolic phenomenon. Several punctate foci of susceptibility in both cerebral hemispheres and bilateral cerebellar hemispheres representing foci of microhemorrhage. Foci of old hemorrhage in the left and right basal ganglia. There is hemosiderin staining along the right inferior cerebellar folia consistent with old hemorrhage. There are minimal amount of hemorrhagic material in the occipital horn of the lateral ventricles layering dependently (image 15 series 16 and image 10 series 15) . Bilateral subdural hygromas unchanged. No acute territorial infarction. No masses or midline shift or acute intracranial hemorrhage. Mucosal thickening of maxillary sinuses and bilateral ethmoidal air cells and the sphenoid sinus. There is patent intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis. There is no intracranial aneurysm . Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. The origin of the major neck arteries off the aortic arch are well seen. The pattern aortic arch branching is classical. The left vertebral artery is dominant. The right vertebral artery gives off right posterior inferior cerebellar artery after which there is a hypoplastic right vertebral artery joining the left vertebral artery. Please note that the third segment of the right vertebral artery proximal to its piercing into the dura is not well imaged most likely secondary to small caliber and in-plane loss of signal. Otherwise there is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis. On axial T1 fat saturated images there is no evidence of intramural hematoma in the wall of the major cervical arteries.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple bilateral acute lacunar infarcts. The pattern of distribution is suggestive for an embolic phenomenon. 2. Minimal amount of intraventricular hemorrhage layering dependently in the occipital horns of the lateral ventricles. Multiple punctate foci of microhemorrhage throughout the brain as well as old foci of hemorrhage in the left and right basal ganglia. 3. Please note that only time-of-flight MR angiogram of the neck was obtained. Given this limitation and MR angiogram of the neck and brain are within normal limits. No evidence of dissection in the major neck arteries.