Diseases: ['hematoma', 'amyloid', 'amyloid', 'amyloid']
FINDINGS:

Unenhanced MRI of the brain shows changes status post right craniotomy and hematoma evacuation. Extra-axial fluid and blood near craniotomy flap may be epidural with minimal effacement right lateral ventricle but no significant line shift. There is also air and fluid which appears subdural over both convexities which is more symmetric. This pattern is concordant with most recent CT. At the site of hematoma evacuation there are multiple foci of abnormal susceptibility on gradient echo images and intraventricular blood is also concordant with prior CT. In addition there are innumerable foci of abnormal susceptibility apart from this and both cerebral hemispheres which are mostly peripheral and with relative sparing of deep gray matter structures. On diffusion-weighted images extradural collection under the craniotomy flap is diffusion-bright but this is consistent with blood products. There is minimal cytotoxic edema in the parenchyma along medial aspect of the evacuation site; however cortex appears thickened and increased in intensity on the T2 weighted and flair images temporal and parietal regions more peripheral (see series 5 and 3 images 16-22). On FLAIR images there is increased intensity throughout sulci supratentorial greater than infratentorial which represent blood products. There are patchy hyperintensities on the long-TR images in the white matter which are nearly confluence nonspecific and possibly chronic ischemic changes stable. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. There is partial visualization of distal portion vein of Labbe but cortical veins not adequately evaluated with this technique. The left transverse and sigmoid sinus did not show normal flow voids and this may be related to slow flow but right transverse and sigmoid sinus appear patent. Opacification right maxillary sinus redemonstrated partial opacification left maxillary sinus increasing with fluid level similar findings ethmoid air cells and sphenoid sinus and to a lesser extent frontal sinus on the right. For the cervical spine alignment is minimally straightened. Bone marrow is minimally heterogeneous with T1 and T2-bright signal C3 through C5 and T1 dark T2-bright signal C6. C6 and to a lesser extent superior C7 bright on STIR more of a degenerative pattern without focal aggressive or expansile lesion appreciated dark T1 signal may indicate some sclerosis as well. Spinal canal is minimally to moderately narrowed primarily due to multilevel degenerative changes consisting of posterior disk-osteophyte complex and ligamentous hypertrophy/buckling but cord maintains normal caliber and signal intensity. Multilevel uncovertebral joint hypertrophy is noted with variable degrees of foraminal narrowing as well. No edema subluxation or prevertebral soft tissue swelling to suggest fracture or ligamentous disruption. Vertebral body height relatively maintained. The patient is intubated.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving postsurgical changes status post hematoma evacuation on the right probable extradural blood under craniotomy as well as bilateral intradural and extra-axial air and fluid over both convexities and probably diffuse subarachnoid blood products. Minimal effacement of right lateral ventricle but no significant midline shift. 2. Abnormal subcortical and to some extent cortical signal abnormality without decreased diffusion temporal and parietal cortex near evacuation site (although there is very minimal cytotoxic edema along medial aspect of the resection cavity to much lesser extent). Post surgical or reactive changes to blood considered for temporal and parietal cortical and subcortical abnormalities; however there are also scattered foci susceptibility foci apart from the hemorrhage which are mostly peripheral and suggestive of amyloid angiopathy pattern. Postcontrast imaging not performed primary bleed may be amyloid etiology and cannot exclude inflammatory components near the hemorrhagic site such as with necrotizing amyloid angiopathy. Vein of Labbe partially visualized on right less likely venous etiology. Suspect slow flow left transverse and sigmoid sinus but other major venous structures show flow voids. Consider follow-up at which time pre-and postcontrast imaging may be of use to better assess for underlying cause of hemorrhage. 3. No convincing traumatic injury cervical spine no malalignment or sign of ligamentous injury. Edema C6 greater than C7 level appears more degenerative. No comparison CT available to correlate for potential fracture however.