Diseases: ['hematoma', 'empyema', 'cerebritis']
FINDINGS:

Motion degraded images. Status post left frontal parietal craniotomy and placement of EEG leads/grid along the left cervical convexity and anterior interhemispheric fissure. There is new FLAIR signal abnormality in the left posterior frontal lobe (series 4 image 26-28) left posterior parietal lobe (series 4 image 23) posterior left cingulate gyrus (image 27) and right medial temporal lobe and hippocampus (series 4 image 12). There is new increased FLAIR signal in the sulci of the superior left frontal greater than parietal lobes. There is a small 4 mm subdural fluid collection overlying the left cerebral convexity which does not follow the signal of CSF. Collection may represent proteinaceous material/blood products however infection is not excluded especially since diffusion-weighted imaging was not obtained. There is stable encephalomalacia in the parasagittal left frontal lobe and left caudate head in keeping with history of chronic PCA infarct. There is associated mild ex vacuo dilatation of the frontal horn left lateral ventricle. There is a smaller chronic right PCA territory infarct in the medial posterior right frontal lobe. There is mild dural thickening and enhancement overlying the left cerebral convexity. No findings of acute intracranial hemorrhage midline shift or masses. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are essentially clear. The orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post left frontoparietal craniotomy and placement of intracranial EEG leads/grid. There is a 4 mm subdural fluid collection overlying the left cerebral convexity with minimal mass effect and signal characteristics which do not follow that of CSF and consideration should be given to subdural hematoma and/or empyema. 2. New nonspecific signal abnormality involving the bilateral cerebral hemispheres which may be sequela of patient's seizures especially since there is involvement of the right hippocampus. However consideration should be given to cerebritis in this patient with fevers and change in mental status after placement of intracranial EEG leads. 3. New nonspecific signal abnormality in the sulci of the left superior frontal greater than parietal lobes which may represent subarachnoid blood possibly related to intracranial EEG lead placement. However these findings could also be secondary to an infectious process. This can be further evaluated with CSF sampling.