Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Again noted are multiple areas of intraparenchymal hemorrhage within the bilateral cerebral hemispheres with associated vasogenic edema. The majority of which are stable in size apart from the apparent increase in size of the right parieto-occipital parenchymal hematoma as detailed on the recent prior CT head. GRE sequence demonstrates scattered foci of susceptibility with peripheral restricted diffusion throughout the bilateral cerebral hemispheres as well as small foci of restricted diffusion in the right frontal lobe left centrum semiovale and right cerebellum largely at the gray-white interface in keeping with traumatic shear injury. There is a stable moderate blood fluid level within the left temporoparietal hematoma. Stable subarachnoid hemorrhage is noted about the left greater than right cerebral hemispheres as well as stable blood layering within the right occipital horn. Thin subdural hematoma about the left occipital temporoparietal cerebral convexities. Stable mass effect upon the left lateral ventricle. Stable positioning of the right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter with tip approximating the third ventricle. Stable ventricular size and configuration. There is no territorial acute infarct. The cervical vertebrae are normal in alignment. There is no focal signal abnormality within the marrow. The cervical spinal cord is normal in size and signal characteristics. The anterior and posterior longitudinal ligaments as well a ligamentum flavum are intact. The tectorial membrane and transverse ligaments are intact. There is mild interspinous as well as paraspinal soft tissue edema suggestive of ligamentous injury. There is extensive multilevel spondylitic change consisting of disc osteophyte complexes and uncovertebral hypertrophy resulting in acquired spinal canal stenosis and neural foraminal narrowing worst at C4-5 C5-6 and C6-7. Patient remains intubated with an oroenteric tube in place. Fluid is noted layering within the oro- and hypopharynx. There is opacification of the left sphenoid sinus with fluid layering within the right mastoid air cells likely related to the presence of the endotracheal and oroenteric tubes. Small retention cyst along the floor of the right maxillary sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Diffuse axonal injury  parenchymal contusions and multi compartment hemorrhage in keeping with post-traumatic injury. Apparent increase in size of right parietaloccipital parenchymal hematoma when compared to the more remote CT exam of 3/8/2011. Stable mass effect. Advise continued imaging surveillance as clinically indicated. 2. Mild interspinous as well as paraspinal soft tissue edema suggestive of ligamentous injury. Anterior and posterior longitudinal ligaments ligamentum flavum tectorial membrane and transverse ligaments remain intact. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.