Diseases: ['meningioma', 'hemangiopericytoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a large heterogeneous lobulated extra-axial mass centered in falx and displacing and/or transgressing dura expands left greater than right intrahemispheric fissure with significant mass effect on the frontal lobes bilaterally and bilateral compression of the frontal horns. Faintly visualized CSF cleft and buckling gray and white matter suggest extraaxial location. There is avid minimally heterogeneous enhancement that is fairly well circumscribed. The mass measures approximately 4.2 cm x 5.2 cm in its maximal dimension in the axial plane. There is edema in vasogenic pattern in the left greater than right frontal lobe in proximity. The mass is seen abutting the anterior sagittal sinus and suspect invasion in at least one location (series 15 image 154) but there does not appear to be complete occlusion. No other masses are seen basal cisterns remain patent. There swelling and elevation of optic discs consistent with bilateral papilledema. Magnetic resonance spectroscopy samples within the lesion demonstrate markedly elevated creatine to choline ratio and elevated lactate-lipid peak and broadening of apparent NAA peak on short TE sequences. Voxels placed in the left and right posterior frontal lobes in surrounding edema do not demonstrate abnormal choline to creatine ratio. Intermediate TE spectra show marked choline elevation within the mass but other metabolites including lipid and lactate not clearly evident within enhancing part of mass. Blood volume is markedly elevated (8-10 times posterior white matter) especially in posterior superior portion of enhancing mass slightly less but still significantly elevated and more heterogeneous elsewhere in the mass. Cerebellar tonsils are pointed and extend through foramen magnum pattern consistent with Chiari I malformation. Incidental note of a deep venous anomaly in the pons.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large heterogeneous avidly enhancing extraaxial mass seen in the anterior intrahemispheric fissure with imaging and spectroscopic characteristics most consistent with atypical meningioma could still be low grade hemangiopericytoma should also be considered. Less likely would be metastatic disease or other primary such as sarcoma. Intraaxial exophytic primary glioma is much less likely. 2. Imaging evidence of papilledema. Mass abuts and appears to invade anterior sagittal sinus though it does not appear occluded technique and minimal motion not optimal for dural sinus evaluation. MRV or CTV could be considered. 3. Chiari I malformation. Discussed with Dr. Merkow neurosurgery 3/31/2011 1500 hours acknowledged. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.