Diseases: ['pneumocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Note that this study is moderately to severely degraded by motion related artifacts. There are are postsurgical changes from right frontal craniotomy and resection of the third ventricle colloid cyst as noted on the prior MRI. Note this motion degraded study is suboptimal for evaluation of residual colloid cyst. There is fluid and gas overlying the craniotomy site unchanged from the most recent prior CT. Layering right subdural collection with right frontal pneumocephalus is stable in comparison to the prior CT measuring up to 15 mm in thickness. Chronic left subdural collection also appears stable measuring up to 6 mm. There is stable diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement adjacent to these collections. A right parietal approach ventricular drainage catheter is seen in situ unchanged position of its tip. Ventricular size is stable. Minimal dependent intraventricular blood. There is a stable small amount of air anteriorly within the left frontal and temporal horns. There is no midline shift. There are moderate scattered periventricular deep and subcortical white matter T2 and FLAIR hyperintensities nonspecific but most likely representing sequelae of chronic small vessel ischemia. There are prominent perivascular spaces in the bilateral basal ganglia and thalami less likely some may represent small lacunar infarcts. There is old lacunar infarct in the right pons. Again noted is old right occipital infarct with associated ex vacuo dilatation of the occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle. There is no restricted diffusion in the brain. There is ethmoidal mucosal thickening.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes from right frontal craniotomy and resection of colloid cyst. 2. Stable bilateral subdural collections with right frontal pneumocephalus. 3. Stable position of right parietal ventricular drainage catheter. Minimal dependent intraventricular blood. Stable ventricular size. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation