Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Again demonstrated are post-surgical changes of a left-sided craniotomy. There is an essentially stable chronic epidural hematoma underlying the craniotomy site. Adjacent artifact from craniotomy partially obscures this region however there is predominantly facilitated diffusion in this collection. There are postsurgical changes within the left frontal lobe with associated chronic blood products and volume loss adjacent to the surgical cavity. There is T2 prolongation within the left frontal lobe surrounding the surgical cavity probably not significantly changed since Oct 30 2008 given differences in CT/MRI technique. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage or midline shift. Following contrast administration there is thickened mildly irregular rim of enhancement along the inner margin of the left frontal epidural collection which does not completely extend around the outer margin of the collection. The inner margin of this enhancement at the brain interface is irregular and there appears to be areas of patchy parenchymal enhancement with in the left frontal lobe (particularly images 26-29 series 7 and images 19-22 series 8). This also is probably not significantly changed since Oct 30 2008 given differences in CT/MRI technique. The visualized paranasal sinus are clear with exception of a right maxillary sinus mucous retention cyst. The intracranial flow voids are maintained. The orbits are grossly unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable postsurgical changes in left frontal lobe with chronic left frontal convexity epidural hematoma. 2. Probably no significant change in surrounding T2 prolongation and patchy enhancement within the left frontal lobe as described. Differential considerations include recurrent/residual neoplasm or treatment effect. Continued follow-up recommended. 3. The enhancement along the inner dural margin of the left frontal convexity epidural hematoma has also probably not significantly changed. This can be seen with chronic hematomas as well as postsurgical dural enhancement. Although not excluded infection is felt to be less likely given lack of progression over time and the imaging findings as discussed above.