Diseases: ['amyloid']
FINDINGS:

There is no restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. Mild cerebral parenchymal volume loss is probably age appropriate. There is slight progression in the confluent periventricular and to a lesser extent subcortical and deep white matter T2 prolongation nonspecific but likely reflecting sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia in a patient of this age. Chronic infarct in the right posterior frontal corona radiata with associated wallerian degeneration and encephalomalacia in the left parietal lobe with associated susceptibility from prior hemorrhage are noted grossly stable. There is chronic lacunar disease in the brainstem. On the susceptibility weighted sequence there are numerous punctate foci of susceptibility scattered throughout the supratentorial and infratentorial brain and a few are in the brainstem and basal ganglia. These are nonspecific and may reflect sequelae of a combination of hypertensive microhemorrhages and amyloid angiopathy. The number of foci have increased since prior exam. There is also hemosiderin staining of the right greater than left cerebellar hemispheres consistent with superficial siderosis. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect midline shift or extracerebral fluid collection. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. Paranasal sinuses are grossly clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarction. 2. Slight progression in probable sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. 3. Increase in number of punctate foci of susceptibility in the supratentorial and infratentorial brain as described above nonspecific may reflect sequelae of a combination of microhemorrhages from hypertension and/or amyloid angiopathy. 4. Superficial siderosis along the cerebellar hemispheres. 5. Old right posterior frontal corona radiata infarct and encephalomalacic changes from left parietal hemorrhage. *ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: While I agree that there is no territorial infarction there is a punctate foci of DWI hyperintensity in the left posterior pons (series 2 image 70) and corresponding ADC hypointensity (series 3 image 10) that probably represents an acute lacunar infarct. Clinical correlation advised. Please note that at least some of the apparent increase in susceptibility artifacts may also be technical as different sequences were used. Amended read discussed with Dr. Messe of neurology at 1:20 pm on 5/13/10 with readback.