Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'aneurysm', 'encephalomalacia', 'gliosis']
FINDINGS:

There is no evidence for an acute infarct. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. There are areas of encephalomalacia and gliosis in the medial left frontal lobe left parietal lobe and left occipital lobe. There is evidence for old lacunar infarcts in the left cerebellar hemisphere and right basal ganglia. There is superficial deposition of hemosiderin over both cerebral hemispheres consistent with pial siderosis. There are areas of T2 and FLAIR hyperintensity in the periventricular and subcortical white matter likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. There is opacification of and a fluid level within the right maxillary sinus and there is mild mucosal disease in the ethmoid air ells. There is a 1.1 cm bilobed aneurysm arising from the left anterior communicating artery which corresponds to the previously visualized sellar lesion seen on CT. There is probably thrombus within and calcification around the lower lobe of the aneurysm. If there is persistent clinical concern a cerebral angiogram may be helpful for further evaluation. Intracranial portions of both internal carotid arteries are unremarkable. The basilar artery and major branches are unremarkable. The intracranial portions of both vertebral arteries are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. No definite evidence for acute infarct.2. 1.1 cm bilobed left anterior communicating artery aneurysm with probable thrombus in the lower part of the aneurysm. If there is persistent clinical concern a cerebral angiogram may be helpful for further evaluation. 3. Encephalomalacia and gliosis in areas of old infarcts in left frontal left parietal and left occipital lobes. Old lacunar infarcts in the left cerebellar hemisphere and right basal ganglia. These results were discussed with Dr. Mazo at 6:01 pm on 7/15/2008.I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.