Diseases: ['meningitis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

Several scattered areas of hyperintense T2/FLAIR signal abnormality are seen bilaterally. A few of these are associated with restricted diffusion including a small lesion in the right corona radiata right subinsular region left posterior temporal lobe and the largest lesion in the left cerebellar hemisphere consistent with small acute infarcts involving multiple vascular distributions. The remainder of the lesions are nonspecific and may be related to old infarcts or small vessel ischemic disease. No dominant mass midline shift or hydrocephalus. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collection. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. On the FLAIR sequence a few sulci demonstrate increased signal most notable high in the left frontal lobe. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic parenchymal or definite leptomeningeal enhancement that can be confirmed in two planes. There is opacification of the left maxillary sinus with a fluid level present. Partial opacification of the bilateral mastoid air cells. A small retention cyst or polyp seen in the sphenoid sinus on the left.
IMPRESSION:

1. Several scattered small acute infarcts involving multiple vascular distributions further detailed above. Findings are suggestive of an embolic process and clinical correlation is recommended. 2. Subtle high signal abnormality in some of the sulci on the FLAIR sequence. This is a nonspecific finding which may also be seen in high oxygen inspiration fraction proteinaceous material in CSF such as in inflammatory/infectious processes or blood in the CSF. However this finding is quite subtle and there is no definite leptomeningeal or gyral enhancement. Given the reported history of increased WBCs in CSF it is compatible with but not diagnostic of meningitis. 3. Findings consistent with acute sinusitis in the left maxillary sinus. Findings including the infarcts and possibility of meningitis were discussed with the on-call infectious disease fellow physician on 7/31/2008 at approximately 5:45 p.m.