Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

This is a preliminary report. A complete dictation will followafter the spin echo perfusion imaging is processed.The axial FLAIR images demonstrate abnormal hyperintensityinvolving the temporal lobe on the right side. There is minimalabnormal hyperintensity involving the left temporal lobe. There ispredominantly involvement of the cortex and subcortical whitematter. There is no significant enhancement of the right temporallobe FLAIR hyperintensity. No abnormal enhancement is seenthroughout the brain. There is no midline shift mass effect orhydrocephalus.In addition extensive axial FLAIR hyperintensity is seen withinthe periventricular subcortical and deep white matter which inthe right clinical setting would be consistent with chronic smallvessel ischemic disease.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mass right temporal insular and frontal opercular regionswithout convincing enhancement. This is suspicious for aninfiltrative glioma possibly low-grade with the caveat that someoligodendroglioma which are high-grade may show low relativecerebral blood volume. Comparison with prior outside imaging ifavailable would be needed for complete evaluation. This studywas performed primarily for preoperative planning and is limited.2. Signal abnormality left posterior insular region withadditional bilateral periventricular and deep white matter signalabnormalities in addition to a left posterior frontal focus ofencephalomalacia with possible enhancement associated with leftsuperior basal ganglia malacia. While this could be related tothe right sided mass described above chronic ischemic changesand/or treatment related effects might also have this appearance.Correlation with prior imaging studies is needed for completeevaluation of these abnormalities.Addendum:Another alternative for the right sided signal abnormalities wouldbe recent infarct. Diffusion-weighted images are not available but would be helpful in this regard. Again comparison with priorstudies would be most helpful.Addendum:Additional history has become available: the biopsy indication was"encephalitis". Also old studies are apparently available atPresbyterian Hospital most recent 10/13/04.Comparison with 12/13/04 study shows similar findings except thatthe signal abnormalities in the right temporal/frontal/insular andleft posterior insular and anteromedial temporal regions hasbecome a little more prominent. Moreover these areas showedincreased signal intensity on diffusion-weighted images on thecomparison exam (no ADC maps available). The signal abnormalitiescould certainly be consistent with encephalitis. Additionally further review of FLAIR images reveals right greater than leftcortical and/or sulcal hyperintensity over convexities but withoutleptomeningeal enhancement on 3D T1-weighted STEALTH series. Thiscould represent more diffuse meningeal and/or corticalinvolvement. Scattered additional hyperintensities both infra-and supratentorial appear similar and are associated in manycases with susceptibility artifact on the comparison study. Atleast some of these are likely chronic ischemic events.Given these findings and additional history infection vs.ischemia would be favored over neoplasm with regard to the rightgreater than left temporal and peri-insular abnormalities. With noenhancement infarct would be less likely. Herpes or otherencephalitides could have this appearance.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationAddended by: Interface TalkStation