Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

As previously seen there is diffuse low T1 and non diffusionrestricted high T2/FLAIR signal intensity in the left anteriorand medial temporal lobes. The signal abnormality involves theleft insula left hippoccampus and extends posteriorly to includethe hippocampal tail. There is FLAIR signal hyperintensity withinthe right hippocampal tail as well. Following contrastadministration a small 0.7 x .6 cm ring enhancing mass within theanterior left temporal lobe.There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluidcollection or midline shift. The ventricles are normal in sizeand configuration. The diffusion weighted images are normal.Retention cyst in right maxillary sinus.Scant flow is seen in the left transverse and sigmoid sinuses.This finding is felt to be due to hypoplasia of the sinus ratherthan thrombosis as the right transverse and sigmoid sinuses arethe same size as the sagittal sinus. The straight sinus is open.There is no evidence of dural sinus thrombosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small 0.7 x .6 cm diffusely enhancing mass within the anteriorleft temporal lobe with diffuse low T1 and high T2/FLAIR signalintensity in the left anterior and medial temporal lobes withextension into the left hippocampus. Findings are worrisome forinfiltrative glioma with infiltration into the limbic region (leftgreater than right). Differential diagnosis includes herpesencephalitis and less likely paraneoplastic syndrome. Clinicalcorrelation advised.2. No evidence of dural venous sinus thrombosis. Likelyhypoplasia of left transverse and sigmoid sinuses.Addendum:Addendum 5/8/06: Additional history provided that the patient'ssymptoms have progressed over the past week. Given the acuity ofpresentation the possibility of glioma is considered less likely andinfectious/inflammatory diseases are more likely including herpes orother viral encephalitis syphilis or perhaps granulomatous disease.Clinical correlation is advised; correlation with lumbar puncturesuggested.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationAddended by: WOO JOHN H MD