Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

A few of the sequences are motion degraded. Increased T2 signal is noted in the hippocampi bilaterally with restricted diffusion. There is also increased FLAIR signal in several of the cortical sulci. Stable post-surgical changes from occipital craniectomy with left greater than right cerebellar encephalomalacia and old blood products in the surgical cavity. No mass effect midline shift or hydrocephalus. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collection. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. A few scattered foci of T2 prolongation are seen in the periventricular and deep white matter nonspecific but likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. Following contrast administration there is no definite pathologic enhancement. Mild mucosal noted in the paranasal sinuses. Fluid noted in the posterior nasopharynx. Orbits unremarkable. Bone marrow signal is heterogeneous and decreased on the T1-weighted sequences likely related to CLL.
IMPRESSION:

1. Signal abnormality with restricted diffusion in the bilateral hippocampi. This can be seen in the setting of herpes or limbic encephalitis or possibly as a sequela of seizure activity. Clinical correlation is recommended. 2. Increased FLAIR signal in the cortical sulci. This can be related to increased oxygen tension as with endotracheal intubation or with meningeal inflammatory processes including meningitis and subarachnoid hemorrhage. Correlation with CSF sampling may be helpful. 3. Heterogeneous signal in the bone marrow likely related to patient's history of CLL. Findings were discussed with Dr. Steven Kim of the medical ICU on 1/22/2009 at approximately 4:00 a.m. Attending note: I agree with the report above and have personally reviewed the images. The bilateral hippocampal changes could also be attributed to a period of anoxia perhaps in association with the seizures. Follow up would be helpful in this regard and if this reflects selective vulnerability from anoxia this can be associated with significant short-term memory deficits.