Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

The study is motion degraded. There is possible mild diffusely hyperintense flair signal within the cerebral cortex although this may be related to imaging technique. There is no associated hyperintense signal within the deep gray nuclei or discretely visualized cortical abnormality on the T2-weighted sequences. There is no associated mass effect or swelling. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial fluid collection or midline shift. There is no restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. There is mucosal thickening in the right maxillary sinus. There are secretions in the nasopharynx. The intracranial internal carotid arteries A1 and M1 segments and proximal branches are patent bilaterally. The vertebrobasilar system and proximal branches are patent. There may be mild focal areas of narrowing within the right proximal M2 branches on the MIP images although this is not discretely visualized on the source images. No visualized aneurysm. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Possible mildly diffuse hyperintense cortical flair signal. This may be related to imaging technique. Differential considerations would include anoxic/hypoxic injury or diffuse encephalitis although lack of deep gray involvement and swelling respectively would make these unlikely. 2. Patency of the intracranial circulation. No evidence of acute infarction. Attending note: I have personally reviewed the images and agree that the FLAIR imaging shows subtle changes not typical changes for herpes encephalitis. I also think there are subtle changes on FLAIR scan in the right occipital area which would suggest elevated protein in the CSF although I recognize that this could be artifactual from elevated PO2 but the patient does not appear to be intubated. The appearance would suggest the possibility of an underlying meningitis/encephalitis.