Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

MRI: There is a small area of ill defined restricted diffusion in the right corona radiata ssociated with hypodensity on T1 weighted images on image 19 series 3 and 300. In addition there is increased flair signal and T1 hypointensity with possible restricted diffusion in the right anterior medial temporal lobe. Similar findings are noted in the bilateral insular cortex. No abnormal enhancement or susceptibility effect is noted. There is no acute hemorrhage midline shift or extra-axial collection Multiple bilateral nonspecific foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity are noted in the periventricular and deep white matter. There is diffuse volume loss with associated ventricular and subarachnoid changes. Incidental note is made of partial empty sella. Appropriate flow voids at the skull base and in the superior sagittal sinus. Paranasal sinuses are clear. MRA: The bilateral internal carotid anterior middle and posterior cerebral as well as vertebrobasilar system are visualized. There is dominant left vertebral artery. The anterior and posterior communicating arteries are not visualized. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis or aneurysmal dilatation seen. Please note MRA is less sensitive than conventional angiography for small aneurysms.
IMPRESSION:

1. The small area of well-defined restricted diffusion and T1 hypodensity likely represents a small infarct possibly embolic. Other etiologies are less likely given absence of adjacent edema. 2. The mild restricted diffusion T1 hypointensity and flair hyperintensity in the right medial temporal lobe and bilateral insular cortex most likely represent limbic encephalitis. Correlation with clinical examination and patient's medical history for neoplastic or autoimmune process is recommended. Herpes encephalitis is unlikely due to absence of toxic clinical picture and hemorrhages or enhancement on the MRI scan. 3. Unremarkable MRA of the brain. The findings were discussed with Dr. Holmes at 22:57. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.