Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'encephalitis', 'encephalitis', 'craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

Again seen is fullness and abnormal signal intensity right amygdala greater than hippocampus and parahippocampal gyrus. This is similar to the comparison however appearing or markedly progressing since September 4 is similar abnormality left amygdala hippocampus and parahippocampal gyrus. There is enhancement associated with new signal abnormality on the left and there is also enhancement on the right to a lesser extent involving more the middle and parahippocampal gyrus than hippocampus. There are no striking T1-bright signal to suggest blood products and diffusion is facilitated not restricted associated with the signal abnormalities. Redemonstrated are changes of right frontotemporal craniotomy and surgery for suprasellar mass. Lobulated residual mass is seen along anterior aspect third ventricle with enhancement extending to and probably involving chiasm with indistinctness of chiasm. Enhancing portion about 11 x 12 mm on coronal view and similar in size to June 18 2013 study similar pattern also on post contrast sagittal T1-weighted images. The overall size and cystic components have decreased since November 28 2012 study. No other changes. Ventricles and CSF spaces are minimally prominent with ventricular dilatation the lateral proportion to the rest of the cisterns and sulci but similar to previous studies. Diffuse dural enhancement over frontal convexities is likely treatment-related. Small extra-axial collection of right frontal convexity is stable and likely postsurgical.
IMPRESSION:

1. Compared to September 4 2013 new or markedly progressing left anterior medial temporal signal abnormality with associated prominent enhancement though with facilitated diffusion. Stable similar signal abnormality right anterior medial temporal lobe. Mild enhancement is associated (September 4 2013 outside comparison was without IV contrast). No striking precontrast T1-bright signal to suggest extensive blood products. This pattern of limbic encephalitis is most suggestive of inflammatory/infectious process primary concern for herpes encephalitis although patient is awake which would be unusual in this time frame and diffusion not entirely consistent but this and other viral encephalitis not excluded. Additional possibilities with this evolution include other inflammatory disorders including sarcoid (no history of this) paraneoplastic process but doubt neoplasm infiltrating medial temporal lobes. Question of treatment-related necrosis was raised but pattern not entirely consistent and rapid progression argues against this. Discussed at length with Dr. Halpern in neurosurgery initially September 9 2013 and subsequently September 10 2013 at 1320 hrs. Discussed with Dr. Rubin in ID 1700 hours later same day. 2. Evolving postsurgical changes status post treatment for craniopharyngioma residual enhancing mass redemonstrated suprasellar/anterior third ventricle/infundibular region. This is stable in size compared to most recent study similar also to June 18 2013 study and smaller than November 20 2012 study. Optic chiasm abnormalities persist and are relatively stable.