Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There are moderate areas of restricted diffusion in the left medial temporal lobe and left thalamus/cerebral peduncle as well as scatter foci of restricted diffusion in the left aspect of the splenium of the corpus callosum and left occipital lobe. These areas are associated with T2/FLAIR hyperintensity. Findings are most consistent with acute infarctions involving the left posterior cerebral artery vascular distribution. Herpes encephalitis is a likely differential consideration given unilateral involvement. The appearance is atypical for demyelination given involvement of the gray matter. There is mild mass effect in the left medial temporal lobe with effacement of the occipital horn of the left lateral ventricle. There is currently no evidence of entrapment of the temporal horn of the left lateral ventricle. Encephalomalacia in the right occipital lobe with mild ex vacuo dilatation of the adjacent ventricle is stable consistent with an old right posterior cerebral artery territory infarct. Old lacunar infarct in the right thalamus and small old infarct in the right cerebellum are also stable. Redemonstrated are multiple foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter with confluent areas in the left greater than right centrum semiovale none specific and may reflect a combination of sequela of demyelination and chronic small vessel ischemia. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial fluid collection midline shift. The expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are patent at the skull base. Stable enlargement of the right Meckel's cave. Incidental note of a partially empty sella. There are minimal mucosal changes in the ethmoid air cells and mucous retention cysts in the sphenoid sinus. There is fluid in the mastoid air cells left greater than right new since prior exam. No suspicious calvarial lesions.
IMPRESSION:

1. Confluent restricted diffusion in the left medial temporal lobe and to a lesser extent left thalamus/cerebral peduncle as well as a few punctate foci of restricted diffusion in the left occipital lobe and left aspect of the splenium of the corpus callosum with associated T2 hyperintensity and mild mass effect as described above most consistent with acute infarctions in the left posterior cerebral artery territory. Herpes encephalitis is considered much less likely given unilateral involvement. Appearance is also atypical for demyelination. Contrast enhanced study may be helpful. 2. Stable nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation in the bilateral cerebral hemispheres otherwise may reflect a combination of sequela of demyelination and chronic small vessel ischemic changes. Findings discussed with and acknowledge by Dr. Kinariwala at 12:40 a.m. 12/19/2009. Attending review: Agree with above with minimal modification. Ischemia in the left inferomedial temporal lobe left thalamus left midbrain and left splenium of corpus callosum could be acute or early subacute. Distribution of findings are consistent with involvement of penetrating branches choroidal branches splenial branches and cortical branches the left PCA.