Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

The study is slightly degraded by patient motion artifact; coronal T2-weighted images were unable to be obtained secondary to patient distress from claustrophobia. The previously seen regions of cortical expansion of the left anterior medial temporal lobe and extending to the left inferior/posterior insula has decreased in prominence with interval volume loss of the medial temporal pole hippocampus and extreme capsule. There are associated punctate old blood product/mineralization. Now there is new T2 hyperintensity extending to the deep white matter of the left temporal lobe around the left atrium posteriorly extreme capsule/perifrontal horn anteriorly and frontal operculum subcortical white matter superiorly/laterally; no significant volume loss nor expansion nor restricted diffusion. The findings are most compatible with sequella of prior encephalitis. Again seen is stable volume loss and signal abnormality of the right medial temporal lobe. Otherwise cerebral volume and striatal volume are not strikingly decreased for patient's age. Superimposed seizure related signal change limbic encephalitis/paraneoplastic syndrome need clinical concordance. Superimposed there are multiple periventricular subcortical and deep foci of T2 and flair hyperintensity stable from the prior examination consistent with chronic small vessel ischemic disease. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Again seen is poor flow void of right ICA. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval volume loss of the left anterior temporal and hippocampus with persistent/slightly increased in extent of the surrounding signal abnormality and unchanged atrophy with persistent signal abnormality of the right hippocampus as described. These findings are consistent with the sequela of the patient's previously clinically HSV encephalitis. Superimposed seizure related signal change limbic encephalitis/paraneoplastic syndrome need clinical concordance. Follow-up is recommended as clinically warranted. 2. Poor vascular flow void of right ICA grossly unchanged. No acute infarct or interval evidence of large cortical territory infarct. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.