Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There is definite restricted diffusion involving the entire medial left temporal lobe including the entire length of the hippocampus and parahippocampal gyrus more conspicuous than on the prior study and definitely new compared to December 2011. In addition there is increased T2 signal in the left insula with probable restricted diffusion within the insular cortex on the left side. Increased signal in the cingulate gyrus anteriorly is probably artifactual. There is no corresponding abnormal enhancement in these areas. This finding of restricted diffusion and increased flair signal accompanied by swelling seen unilaterally in the medial temporal lobe and insular cortex is best explained by seizure activity in this patient. The findings are not consistent with ischemia as they do not follow a vascular territory. There are also not consistent with a new site of lymphoma as there is no abnormal enhancement. Unilateral limbic encephalitis can be seen however non-Hodgkin's lymphoma is not a known cause and non-neoplastic limbic encephalitis would be an unlikely explanation. Viral encephalitis could have this appearance although herpes would follow a more aggressive course. There is no intracranial hemorrhage or acute infarct. The mass in the right frontal lobe shows no short-term interval change. There continues to be intrinsic hyperintensity and susceptibility artifact on gradient echo consistent with blood products. A small amount of restricted diffusion along the anterior aspect of the mass is again noted but is nonspecific in the presence of hemosiderin. Again the lateral right frontal lobe at the site of the mass retrieved through the craniectomy defect. Confluent T2 hyperintensity throughout the right frontal lobe extending into the right parietal lobe is unchanged in extent and may be explained by treatment related change with or without infiltrating neoplasm. Other scattered foci of white matter T2 hyperintensity in both cerebral hemispheres has a pattern consistent with small vessel ischemic disease. There is moderate cerebral volume loss. There is no hydrocephalus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Definite restricted diffusion throughout the medial left temporal lobe and also in the left insula more conspicuous now than on the prior study. No enhancement. The pattern favors ongoing or recent seizure activity correlation with EEG is recommended. Viral encephalitis could also be considered. The pattern is not consistent with ischemia or neoplasm. 2. No interval change in the appearance of the mass in the right frontal lobe consistent with partially treated lymphoma. No interval change in treatment related changes surrounding the mass. I certify that I have personally reviewed the images and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings and the above report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.