Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

Multiple images are degraded by motion artifact. There are foci of increased T2/FLAIR signal in the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter which are likely sequelae of chronic ischemia. The ventricular system remains dilated not significantly changed from prior CT but mildly increased from 5/7/2012. No extraaxial fluid collection. There is no mass effect or midline shift. No intracranial hemorrhage. Right frontal burr hole noted. The right globe is abnormal with imaging features consistent with silicon injection probably for retinal detachment. Bilateral lens surgery noted. There is circumferential mucosal thickening in the left maxillary sinus. Scattered opacified mastoid air cells are noted. Postcontrast imaging on both series 12 and 13 show evidence of bilateral anterior medial temporal lobe enhancement see image 24 series 13. Carefully windowing the diffusion weighted scan there is suggestion of increased signal in those same locations with low signal intensity on the diffusion weighted scan. This could be a reflection of changes related to seizure activity but I think it would be prudent to obtain better quality imaging to leave with coronal thin section flair and T2-weighted imaging of the temporal lobes. I would also repeat the diffusion weighted scan at a time when the patient is moving less.
IMPRESSION:

1. Motion degraded study. 2. Findings suggesting bilateral medial temporal restricted diffusion and enhancement. This can be seen with encephalitis but could well be the sequela of seizures. This not the typical distribution of involvement with herpes encephalitis but I cannot exclude the possibility. Recommend repeat examination at such time as the patient is more cooperative with thin section coronal T2 and repeat better quality diffusion. 3. Dilated ventricular system mildly increased since 5/2012 wide not significantly changed since examination of two days ago. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with the preliminary report without modification. Findings discussed with Dr. Thaler 5:42 PM 5/24/2013