Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

On the long TR sequences is abnormal signal involving bilateralinsular cortex the temporal lobes (including right greater thanleft lateral cortex temporal pole uncus and hippocampus) andinferior frontal lobes along anterior commissure. There isasymmetric cortical signal abnormality involving the superiorright temporal lobe extending into frontal parietal cortex. Theinvolved cortex and the white matter appear swollen. Cingulategyri are relatively spared. There are scattered nonspecifichyperintensities throughout the white matter. Except for inferioraspect basal ganglia are relatively spared.After the intravenous administration of gadolinium-based contrast the areas of signal abnormality show patchy ill-defined areas ofenhancement. This is superimposed on subtle minimal T1-brightsignal intensity in the mesial temporal lobe on right. Gradientecho images show no evidence of susceptibility artifact in theseregions. Diffusion-weighted images are bright where there isabnormal increased signal intensity on T2-weighted images. Theseregions are also bright on the ADC maps except for the rightsuperior temporal lobe which does show decreased diffusion. Theremay also be some areas of primarily cortex showing decreased ADCas well bilaterally but this is difficult to confirm.There is no midline shift or herniation. The ventricular systemis normal in size.The patient is intubated with small air fluid level in thesphenoid sinus and opacification of both mastoid air cells.Appropriate intra cranial arterial and venous flow voids areidentified.Signal intensity in the bone marrow of clivus and upper cervicalspine appears decreased also in calvaria to a lesser extent.This can be within normal limits for stated age of 46 butsometimes seen in chronic illness and marrow infiltrativedisorders. Correlate clinically
IMPRESSION:

1. Right greater than left abnormal signal cortical swelling and ill-defined enhancement involving the bilateral anterior lateral and medial temporal lobes superior right temporal lobeextending into frontal parietal region and bilateral insularcortex most consistent with herpes encephalitis. There isminimal probable petechial hemorrhage demonstrable in the rightmesial temporal lobe.2. There is decreased diffusion in the superior right temporallobe extending to frontoparietal regions although this area iscontiguous with signal abnormality in right temporal lobe. Thismost likely represents extension of the same process. Whileischemia is possible in this region the overall pattern is muchmore consistent with an infection like herpes encephalitis butconsider superimposed seizures in this setting. Ischemia is not aconsideration for the majority (if not all) of these findings.This was discussed in detail with Dr. Messe neurology.3. Air fluid level in the sphenoid sinus with opacification ofboth mastoid air cells likely on the basis of intubation.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation