Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There is 3.6 x 2.1 x 3.3 cm peripherally enhancing lesion in the left parietal-occipital lobe. There is no frank associated restricted diffusion. There is surrounding susceptibility consistent with blood products. Suggestion of layering blood fluid level image 16 series 10. There is surrounding vasogenic edema involving the temporoparietooccipital white matter extending along the posterior limb of the internal capsule. There is partial effacement of the atrium of the left lateral ventricle. No evidence of hydrocephalus. Edema extends along the left aspect of the splenium. There is local sulcal effacement. There is rightward midline shift of 4-5 mm. Thin T1 hyper intense likely subdural hematomas layering given the overlying the bilateral parietal-occipital convexities. On diffusion-weighted sequences there is restricted diffusion involving the left insula and subinsular region as well as in the medial posterior parietal lobe immediately medial to the lesion. Additional areas of mild restricted diffusion involving the posterior parietal lobe cortex adjacent to the vasogenic edema for example image 133 series 6. Abnormal FLAIR signal also involves the mesial left temporal lobe including hippocampus with associated restricted diffusion. Additional scattered foci of T2 elongation within the subcortical or ventricle and deep white matter likely sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. Bone marrow is heterogeneous however study was performed on a 3 T magnet limiting evaluation..The orbits are normal. The paranasal sinuses are essentially clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large enhancing lesion with blood fluid level and surrounding microhemorrhage in the left parietal occipital lobe without frank central restricted diffusion. Surrounding vasogenic edema as detailed above. Mass effect with 4-5 mm rightward midline shift. Lesion most likely a metastatic lesion given the patient's history. 2. Foci of restricted diffusion which may represent ischemia along the periphery of the vasogenic edema within the parietal lobe as well as the left insula and subinsular region. This may be sequela of vasculopathy secondary to the vasogenic edema. 3. Restricted diffusion and abnormal signal within the mesial left temporal lobe and hippocampus noted. The vasogenic edema does not extend this far anteriorly. Consider superimposed encephalitis such as herpes. Correlate clinically. 4. Thin subdural hematomas layering dependently along the bilateral posterior convexities.