Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. As noted on prior CT there is dilatation of the ventricular system in this patient with the known history of a communicating hydrocephalus. There is periventricular white matter areas of T2/FLAIR hyperintensities which are felt to represent changes related to HIV and/or chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Similar appearing signal changes are in the subcortical and deep white matter. Old infarcts are in the left medial thalamus and right periatrial region. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. Small area of restricted diffusion in the posterior left external capsule consistent with acute infarction. There is a heterogeneous area of signal abnormality in the periventricular left frontal lobe which on FLAIR and T1 weighted images appears to represent a confluence of tubular structures. The tubular areas follow CSF signal intensity on all pulse sequences. There is associated DWI rim hyperintensity around this area on the B1000 images however the ADC map does not suggest restricted diffusion. There is no enhancement centrally or peripherally. Given the patient's history of prior cryptococcal meningitis this may represent sequela from prior infection with persisting dilatation of the Virchow-Robin spaces. Alternatively this may represent area prior infarction. The calvarium is diffusely decreased in marrow signal; nonspecific but can be seen in marrow infiltrative processes such as anemia HIV. The orbital contents are grossly unremarkable. The mastoid air cells and visualized paranasal sinuses are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute infarct in the posterior left external capsule.2. Dilatation of the ventricular system out of proportion to prominence of the cortical sulci basilar cisterns likely reflecting compensated communicating hydrocephalus. The periventricular areas of white matter hyperintensity are felt to represent changes related to HIV status and/or chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Similar appearing signal changes are noted in the subcortical and deep white matter.3. Signal abnormality in the periventricular left frontal region which may represent sequela from prior cryptococcal meningitis versus infarct; see above.4. Diffusely decreased marrow signal in the calvarium and upper cervical spine nonspecific and may be related to infiltrative processes such as anemia HIV.Results were discussed with Dr. Shreenivas at 9:15 PM on 6/1/07.Attending review: I agree with the above.