Diseases: ['glioblastoma', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Again seen are changes consistent with right frontal craniotomy with a cavity again seen in the inferior right frontal lobe. Again visualized is high T2/Flair signal abnormality in the deep and subcortical white matter in the right frontal lobe bilateral centrum semiovale (right greater than left) corona radiata and body of the corpus callosum. Findings likely reflect treatment sequela and have minimally increased since the prior study. There is extensive high T2 signal abnormality and mass effect in the anterior right thalamus and posterior limb of the internal capsule on the right with indentation of the wall of the third ventricle on the right. There is again extensive signal abnormality with mass effect involving the right midbrain right cerebral peduncle right colliculus and the postero-lateral right upper midbrain extending into the superior cerebellar peduncle and right facial colliculus. Again also visualized is signal abnormality in the right mammillary body medial right temporal lobe and hippocampus. Findings are consistent with infiltrating neoplasm. Again seen is a complex solid and necrotic region of enhancement in the medial right thalamus extending into the right cerebral peduncle. There has been significant interval increase in extent of enhancement now extending more anteriorly and medially in the right thalamus more medially into the midbrain right cerebral peduncle and into the right cerebellar peduncle. Although there has been no definite appreciable change in size of the remainder of the lateral ventricles there has been definite mild interval increase in size of the temporal horns. Findings are consistent with progression of obstructive hydrocephalus. There is no transependymal CSF flow. There is stable signal abnormality in the posteromedial right frontal lobe subcortical white matter with T1 hyperintensity. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. The visualized paranasal sinuses are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Findings consistent with significant progression of infiltrating neoplasm (multicentric glioblastoma) with increase in enhancing components involving the right thalamus and brainstem as detailed. 2. Mild interval progression of obstructive hydrocephalus as detailed. Findings were discussed with Dr. Algazy at 1600 hours on 5/14/08.