Diseases: ['abscess', 'meningitis', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

The extra axial and scalp fluid collection in the right lateral hemispheric convexity has decreased in size when compared to March 2010 with decreased effacement of the adjacent sulci. This intracranial component shows restricted diffusion with intermediate signal intensity when compared to the CSF nonspecific either a slowly evolving seroma or an abscess. The craniotomy flap was put back around March 22 2010 and the size of the collection is grossly unchanged since except for the concerning restricted diffusion. Regardless the adjacent brain parenchyma shows no evidence of encephalitis. The small focus of T2 hyperintensity in the lateral temporal lobe series 4 image 22 is actually decreased when compared to prior exam. There is minimal flair signal intensity within the sulci as well as enhancement of the leptomeninges in the right hemisphere is felt most likely due to compressed vasculature rather than persistent meningitis. The parafalcine bi-hemispheric subdural collections have resolved. There is interval enlargement of the supratentorial ventricles especially in bilateral temporal with increased transependymal CSF flow compared to 1 day earlier. The fourth ventricle has decreased in size as well as transependymal flow in the cerebellum. There is a small enhancing focus at the posterior third ventricle and along the cerebral aqueduct series 10 image 25-24 vein series 11 image 24 which is probably enhancing granulation tissue resulting in obstruction of the supratentorial ventricles. The right frontal ventricle catheter terminates in the left ventricular body grossly unchanged. No acute infarct or intracranial hemorrhage. Normal flow void of major intracranial vessels including dural venous sinuses. The left transverse sinus and jugular vein demonstrates slow flow. The suboccipital pseudomeningocele is grossly unchanged without concerning findings. Residual T2 hyperintensity of the medial left cerebellum improved since March 2010. Bilateral mastoid air cells remains opacified.
IMPRESSION:

1. 1 cm thick right hemispheric epidural collection subjacent to the craniotomy is singly or combination of a slowly evolving seroma or an abscess. Minimal flair signal intensity within the sulci as well as enhancement of the leptomeninges in the right hemisphere is felt most likely due to compressed vasculature rather than persistent meningitis. No encephalitis/ventriculitis. 2. No acute infarct. 3. Interval supratentorial hydrocephalus compared to 1 day earlier. Small enhancing enhancing granulation tissue in the cerebral aqueduct results in obstruction of the supratentorial ventricles. 4. Suboccipital pseudomeningocele.