Diseases: ['meningioma', 'encephalomalacia', 'hydrocephalus', 'encephalomalacia', 'meningioma', 'schwannoma']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated is the 3.0 x 2.3 x 3.2 cm extra-axial mass anterior to the right midbrain and pons likely a meningioma. There is stable aspect in the brainstem which is displaced to the left. There is cystic change in the right pons adjacent to the lesion likely encephalomalacia. There is edema in the right tectum of adjacent to the extra-axial mass extending from the brainstem to the right cerebellum. There is compression of the fourth ventricle and the CSF spaces about the brainstem. There is mild transtentorial herniation of the brainstem. As previously noted the mass abuts the basilar artery. The third ventricle is minimally decreased in size while other ventricles are unchanged. There is abnormal T2 signal about the lateral ventricles likely transependymal flow from hydrocephalus. A left parietal approach programable shunt ventricular catheter is present which traverses the septum pellucidum with tip in the parenchyma adjacent to the right lateral ventricle. There is edema about the shunt catheter tract. There is diffuse dural enhancement in the left likely secondary to the shunt catheter placement. There are blood products in the right FOM 3rd ventricle and lateral ventricles similar to appearance on recent CT. There is no abnormal intra-axial enhancement.
IMPRESSION:

1. Redemonstration of extraaxial mass anterior to the right pons and midbrain likely a meningioma. Stable edema and encephalomalacia in the adjacent parenchyma. 2. Stable mass effect on the brainstem which is displaced with mild upward herniation and stable obstructive hydrocephalus of the third and lateral ventricles with transependymal flow of CSF. 3. Stable left parietal approach ventriculostomy catheter. Stable intraventricular blood and left dural enhancement. *ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: This cystic component adjacent to the mass in the right CP angle is most likely cystic component of the tumor or trapped CSF and unlikely encephalomalacia of the pons. In light of the hyperostosis of the adjacent bone seen on CT this is most likely meningioma rather than cystic schwannoma. The basilar artery does abut the mass but majority of the artery has a clear CSF plane with the mass. Note is made of a small vessel coursing toward the mass arising from the back of the clivus with linear channel extending into the cavernous sinus or cavernous internal carotid artery series 4 image 80-88. There is no clear evidence of connection toward the basilar artery. Therefore this is felt to be an anomalous feeding/draining vessel even though persistent trigeminal artery cannot be excluded. The top of the mass protrude slightly above the tentorium very close to the right P1-P2 junction series 4 image 96. Inferiorly its extent is to the top of the jugular foramen and inferior petrosal sinus. No evidence of sinus invasion. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.