Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Slightly increased size of the most superior (left quadrigeminal cistern) lobule of the large multilobulated epidermoid cyst occupying and widening the pre-pontine and premedullary cisterns and extending through the foramen magnum into the ventral cervicomedullary canal as well as along the left CP angle cistern and perimesencephalic cistern into the left lateral quadrigeminal cistern encasing the vertebrobasilar system without flow void diminution. Stable mass effect on the brainstem with flattening of the ventral pons and medulla and posterior displacement of the adjacent cisternal cranial nerves. No acute intracranial hemorrhage herniation nor midline shift. No acute infarct. Numerous foci of T2 prolongation involving the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter of bilateral cerebral hemispheres nonspecific but likely reflecting chronic ischemia; slightly increased in number compared to the prior and advanced for age. No pathologic enhancement. The fourth ventricle is probably slightly effaced related to posterior fossa mass effect but the ventricles are stable. There is stable borderline prominence of the supratentorial ventricles and sulci likely reflecting central volume loss mildly advanced for age. It is difficult to exclude transependymal edema given the extent of periventricular white matter signal abnormality but absence of signal abnormality at the temporal horns suggests against it. A component of chronic compensated communicating hydrocephalus is not excluded. Calvarial marrow signal is normal. There is a large mucous retention cyst/polyp in the right maxillary sinus and a mucus retention cyst in the right sphenoid sinus. The remaining paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of intracranial metastatic disease. 2. Slightly increased size of large posterior fossa epidermoid cyst with stable mass effect on the cisternal cranial nerves and brainstem and mild effacement of the fourth ventricle. Mild supratentorial ventriculomegaly is stable and findings suggest against transependymal edema but chronic compensated communicating hydrocephalus is not excluded. 3. Chronic small vessel ischemic white matter changes and central atrophy advanced for age.