Diseases: ['meningitis', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Again seen are immediate sequela of right frontal approach endoscopic ventriculostomy consisting of mild pneumocephalus and a tract through the right frontal lobe. There is also a right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter terminating in the third ventricle. When compared to the prior two examinations on April 28 2010 and April 24 2010 the degree of ventriculomegaly has decreased: Temporal horns measure 7 mm today compared to 8 mm on the post operative study and 18mm April 24 2010. The interstitial edema seen on the most recent MRI has also significantly decreased. There remains confluent soft tissue signal in the region of the quadrigeminal cistern and parenchymal restricted diffusion as well as edema of the dorsal midbrain (left greater than right) and left vermus. As seen on the prior brain MRI performed with contrast leptomeningeal caking and vermian/tectal tuberculomas were present in these locations. There persists total effacement of the cerebral aqueduct. Previously seen tuberculoma of the right thalamus and mass intermedia is no longer present. There is no midline shift or basal cistern effacement. There is no transtentorial or tonsillar herniation. There is no acute cerebral ischemia on diffusion weighted imaging though some cytotoxic edema seen along the right frontal surgical tracts. Paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. Anterior and posterior circulation flow voids are preserved. Phase contrast cisternography demonstrates normal antegrade and retrograde pulsation in the anterior and posterior CSF spaces along the brainstem and upper cervical cord. There is faint CSF pulsation in the suprasellar cistern and a faint jet of flow related enhancement seen in the anterior portion of the third ventricle. The degree of flow related enhancement through the ventriculostomy and turbulence in the same region on sagittal T2 imaging supports patency. However magnitude of flow is difficult to quantitate and continued imaging follow-up is advised. Please note that the axial phase contrast cisternogram images were nondiagnostic.
IMPRESSION:

1. Redemonstration of soft tissue signal centered in the quadrigeminal cistern and midbrain/vermis abscesses with effacement of the cerebral aqueduct. Findings consistent with tuberculous meningitis and tuberculomas better characterized by earlier enhanced MRI. 2. Obstructive hydrocephalus has further diminished status post right frontal ventriculostomy and endoscopic third ventriculostomy now of mild degree. Also diminished interstitial CSF flow. 3. Conventional imaging and phase contrast cisternography demonstrate findings consistent with patent endoscopic third ventriculostomy. Follow-up imaging still advised.