Diseases: ['meningioma', 'normal', 'hematoma', 'hydrocephalus', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

A hematoma is identified in the right anterior inferiorcerebellum with mass effect on the fourth ventricle andsurrounding edema in the right cerebellar hemisphere and inferiortonsillar herniation. This has resulted in increasedtransependymal flow of CSF at the level of the dilated lateralventricles. Abnormal T2 and FLAIR signal with enhancement isnoted in the right petrous and mastoid segments of the temporalbone with a mastoid effusion. This is likely a combination ofknown neoplastic infiltration and as well as mastoiditis There isalso dural enhancement along the right petrous/cerebellar pontineangle cistern which may represent combination of residualmeningioma and postoperative change . There is concern ofcompromised flow in the distal sigmoid sinus which may haveresulted in venous infarction and subsequent cerebellar hematoma.This can be further evaluated with an MRV . The visualized rightIAC does not demonstrate enhancement nor does the cochlea orvisualized portions of the semicircular canals.The remaining portions of the brain demonstrate dilated third andlateral ventricles consistent with obstructive hydrocephalus withtransependymal CSF flow.A few punctate foci of hyperintensity subcortical T2 signalabnormality is noted in the frontal lobes bilaterally. These arenonspecific and may represent changes of small vessel ischemicdisease.3-D flight MRA demonstrates no abnormalities of the anteriorcirculation. The precaval arteries are codominant. An anteriorcommunicating artery as well as bilateral posterior communicatingarteries are visualized without evidence of aneurysm. Both P1segments are patent as are the superior cerebellar arteries. Theorigin of the right PICA is better seen in the left neither ofwhich demonstrate an abnormality.
IMPRESSION:

1. Abnormal enhancement of the right petrous and mastoid segmentsof the right temporal bone suggestive of a combination ofinflammatory disease and neoplasm from the reported history ofthe petrous meningioma. There is lack of a normal flow void in thedistal sigmoid sinus and venous infarct may be the etiology forthe right cerebellar hematoma which is now creating mass effect onthe in the right cerebellar hemisphere and ultimately resulting inobstructive hydrocephalus. An MRV may be helpful for furtherevaluation. The right cerebellar hemorrhage could also be theresult of radiation vasculitis. There is also dural enhancementalong the right cerebellopontine angle cistern likely acombination of residual/recurrent meningioma and postop change.2. Unremarkable MRA of the circle of Willis.These findings were made known to Dr. Shellhass of neurology at6:20 PM on 12/9/04.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation