Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Multiple supratentorial and infratentorial enhancing lesions with surrounding vasogenic edema compatible with metastatic disease. The largest of these is posteromedial in the right cerebellar hemisphere measuring 2.2 x 2.1 x 1.8 cm (TR by AP by CC) with extensive surrounding edema causing downward displacement of the cerebellar tonsils right greater than left. There is also mass effect on the right posterolateral aspect of the fourth ventricle with near complete effacement and there is some fullness of the vermis but with quadrigeminal cistern still visualized. There is a suspicious enhancement pattern around this lesion with areas of irregular less well defined enhancement anteriorly and inferiorly. With peripheral location of this lesion subarachnoid space involvement may be present though no convincing leptomeningeal enhancement noted elsewhere. The next largest enhancing lesion measuring 10 x 11 x 11 mm (TR by AP by CC) in the region of the left cerebral peduncle with extensive surrounding edema which extends along the cortical spinal tract and along the optic tract. Additional small lesions are seen in the subcortical frontal lobe on the right (two lesions) and in left vermis. The total number of lesions detected is at least 5. Lateral ventricles are nearly symmetric and minimally prominent out of proportion to other cisterns and sulci including temporal horn dilatation. There is mass effect on the aqueduct so suspect this is recent development of hydrocephalus no striking confluent transependymal CSF resorption; however there are some areas such as around occipital horns where this may be the case. There is a cystic area of encephalomalacia in the right frontal lobe with a different appearance measures 12 mm in diameter slightly T1-bright rim with questionable enhancement and little to no surrounding edema. There is no evidence of diffusion restriction to suggest acute ischemia or susceptibility to suggest hemorrhage. There are nonspecific nonenhancing periventricular deep and subcortical white matter areas of T2 prolongation likely sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. Normal intracranial flow voids at the skull base and superior sagittal sinus. Visualized paranasal sinuses essentially clear. Mastoid air cells clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple supratentorial and infratentorial masses (at least 5) most consistent with metastases in this setting with largest lesion right cerebellar hemisphere with extensive surrounding edema and significant mass effect including cerebellar tonsillar descent into foramen magnum as well as mass effect on the fourth ventricle and aqueduct with near complete effacement and resultant mild obstructive hydrocephalus. 2. Suspicious enhancement pattern largest right cerebellar lesion with irregular margins subarachnoid space involvement may be present but no leptomeningeal enhancement appreciated elsewhere. 3. Cystic-appearing defined focus right frontal white matter with little to no surrounding edema and no convincing enhancement. This is less likely to be a metastasis unless previously treated lesion may represent atypical large perivascular space but in any case little to no mass effect associated with this focus.