Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'lymphoma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Again seen is a right frontal approach ventricular catheter with tip in the frontal horn of the right lateral ventricle. Stable hydrocephalus is present. The right lateral ventricle is stable in size and there has been no significant interval change in right to left midline shift. Intraventricular hemorrhage is again identified. There are confluent areas of T2 prolongation in the periventricular and subcortical white matter non-specific in etiology. There are also areas of cortical and sulcal FLAIR hypertensity seen over the convexities non-specific in etiology. There are areas of T2 prolongation in the medial anterior frontal lobes involving subcortical white matter extending into the cortex likely representing encephalomalacia. There is a mass located in the anterior aspect of the third ventricle measuring 12 mm in AP dimension by 8 mm in transverse dimension by 10 mm in craniocaudall dimension. This lesion demonstrates T1 isointensity T2 hypointensity as well as avid homogeneous enhancement. No definite restricted diffusion is identified although the mass demonstrates reduced ADC values. There is restricted diffusion T2 prolongation and enhancement in the tract of a previously placed ventricular catheter likely representing cytotoxic edema. No other areas of pathological enhancement are identified. There is mild ethmoid sinus opacification. The remainder of the visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. Perfusion demonstrates elevated rCBV corresponding to the third ventricular mass. Evaluation of CBV may be falsely elevated due to adjacent vessels.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing third ventricular lesion with associated obstructive hydrocephalus as described. The ventricular system and midline shift is overall stable when compared to prior examinations. Differential considerations include lymphoma metastases or meningioma. 2. FLAIR cortical and sulcal hypertensity as described. These findings are non-specific and include etiologies such as proteinaceous material within the subarachnoid space or less likely subarachnoid hemorrhage. Correlation with clinical symptomology and CSF sampling is advised. 3. Cytotoxic edema in the tract of the previously placed right frontal approach ventricular catheter.