Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

MRI examination of the brain was performed using sagittal T1weighted axial T2 weighted FLAIR diffusion weighted gradientecho and axial and coronal gadolinium enhanced T1 weighted sequences.Single voxel and multi voxel spectroscopy were also performed in thearea of the enhancing tissue. Finally dynamic gadolinium-enhanced MRperfusion was performed utilizing multiple phases of a spin echo EPIsequence (5 CC preload double dose gadolinium). Comparison is madewith study from 1/13/04.Again demonstrated is a surgical cavity within the left frontal highconvexity communicating with the left lateral ventricle. There hasbeen interval enlargement of a mass along the lateral margins of thesurgical cavity. Upon administration of intravenous contrast there isnodular and irregular enhancement associated with this mass withcentral portions that appear more necrotic or cystic. This issignificantly larger than on the prior examination and corresponds toan area that was concerning for residual tumor on the immediatelypost-operative exam. Currently the enhancing tissue measures 4.6 x3.0 x 4.1 cm (height x width x A.P.). Additionally there issurrounding signal abnormality on the long-TR sequences. This hasgreatly decreased since last study and most of it surrounds thecavity and is largely confined to the left frontal lobe. Despitethis the signal abnormality appears infiltrative and extends from thewhite matter into the cortex of the frontal lobe particularly withinthe superior frontal gyrus. This is concerning for tumor and is moreclearly evident than on the prior study.Since the last examination there has been interval development of aleft sided subdural fluid collection (of CSF signal intensity) measuring 1.3 cm in width. It exerts significant mass effect upon theleft cerebral hemisphere the sulci of which are largely effaced.There is approximately 8 mm of rightward midline shift with mildsubfalcine herniation. Additionally there has been intervaldevelopment of marked enlargement of the supra- and infratentorialventricular system with surrounding signal abnormality particularlyaround the right lateral ventricle; this signal abnormality isconcerning for transependymal CSF resorption.Diffusion-weighted imaging demonstrates an area of restricteddiffusion anterosuperior to the left lateral ventricular body; this isbest-appreciated on image 20 of series 7 (ADC map). This is felt tobe related to a small amount of blood products.Spectroscopic evaluation demonstrates low levels of metabolites withinenhancing areas. Choline is slightly elevated and NAA depressed.There is an inverting lactate peak as well.
IMPRESSION:

1. Anatomic images demonstrate interval worsening of enhancing tissuecorresponding to the area with residual enhancing tumor on theprevious study. This is concerning for worsening tumor. Despiteoverall improvement of surrounding signal abnormality there isabnormal signal intensity that appears infiltrative throughout theleft frontal lobe and into the cortex. 2. Interval development of asomewhat large left subdural fluid collection with mass effect andmidline shift also with subfalcine herniation. 3. Intervaldevelopment of communicating hydrocephalus with transependymal CSFflow. 4. MR spectroscopy demonstrates low levels of metabolites witha profile that is more typical of radiation necrosis. 5. MR perfusiondata is pending post processing. An addendum will be issued.Preliminary results discussed with Dr. M. Rosenfeld on the date of theexamination.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: BAGLEY LINDA J MD