Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Images of the brain parenchyma are notable for mild periventricular deep and subcortical T2/flair hyperintensities less than 1 cm each consistent with the sequela of chronic small vessel and/or perfusional ischemic disease. There are also small chronic infarcts in the cerebellum and left thalamus. In the left putamen and external capsule there is susceptibility from prior hemorrhage. Additionally a subcentimeter focus of magnetic susceptibility is present in the posterior right temporal lobe (series 7 image 11) consistent with hemosiderin from a small cavernoma or remote trauma. There is trace mineralization within the basal ganglia. There is no acute cerebral ischemia extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Following contrast administration there is no abnormal enhancement of the brain parenchyma or the meninges. Specifically there is no intracerebral abscess. CSF sampling is more sensitive for detection of meningitis/encephalitis.There is mild to moderate generalized cerebral and cerebellar volume loss for age. There is no hydrocephalus. On both sagittal T1 weighted and axial T2 weighted sequences there appears to be a 1 to 2 mm vascular dilatation in the anterior communicating artery complex possibly representing a superiorly directed anterior communicating artery aneurysm (series 2 image 11 and series 3 image 16). MR angiography of circle of Willis is therefore advised. There is minimal mucosal thickening of the maxillary sinuses and posterior left ethmoid air cells. Paranasal sinuses are otherwise clear. There is trace mastoid fluid.
IMPRESSION:

1. No imaging evidence of intracranial infection. Correlate with CSF studies.2. Suggestion of a superiorly directed 1-2 mm ACOM aneurysm. Recommend MRA for further evaluation.3. Sequela of chronic small vessel and/or perfusional ischemic disease including cerebellar and left thalamic infarcts. Old left putaminal and external capsule hemorrhage.4. Subcentimeter focus of hemosiderin with right posterior temporal lobe cavernoma versus prior trauma.5. Volume loss.