Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'cerebritis']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes are noted from prior left-sided ventriculostomies and right-sided ventriculoperitoneal shunt. There is associated FLAIR hyperintensity and susceptibility along the ventricular catheter tract sites; there is associated T1 shortening along the left ventriculostomy site consistent with prior hemorrhage. Hemosiderin staining is noted of the ventricular system and of the basal cistern subarachnoid spaces which may be secondary to prior subarachnoid hemorrhage or hemorrhage related to prior ventriculostomies. There are new left greater than right cerebral convexity subdural fluid collections measuring up to 3 mm on the left in maximal thickness. There is associated diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement. There is mild extra-axial FLAIR hyperintensity adjacent to the cerebellar hemispheres which may represent small subdural fluid collections or may reflect dural thickening. Ventricular caliber is markedly diminished from prior exam. There is new callosal volume loss with new FLAIR hyperintensity along the posterior body and splenium of the corpus callosum without evidence of restricted diffusion or enhancement. Focus of encephalomalacia and gliosis along the inferior aspect right middle cerebellar peduncle is similar to prior exam with decreased T2/FLAIR hyperintensity in the adjacent periventricular white matter and inferior vermis. There are no focal regions of mass effect. There is mild generalized parenchymal volume loss. Mild maxillary and ethmoidal mucosal changes. Time-of-flight imaging of the intracranial arterial vasculature redemonstrates abnormal saccular flow related enhancement along the proximal aspect right anterior inferior cerebellar artery measuring approximately 4 x 4 mm similar to slightly decreased in prominence from prior exam possibly technique related; the extent of vasculopathy involving this artery was better appreciated on prior conventional angiography. Known right superior cerebral artery aneurysm is not well appreciated. Small 2 x 1 mm aneurysm arising from the A2 segment the left anterior cerebral artery noted. Small approximately 1 mm infundibulum suggests along the distal right internal carotid artery proximal to the origin of the right posterior communicating artery similar to prior.
IMPRESSION:

1. New small bilateral subdural fluid collections with decrease in ventricular caliber and secondary pachymeningeal enhancement reflective of over shunting. New since 2/9/12. 2. Stable to slight decrease in prominence of saccular dilatation right anterior-inferior cerebral artery better demonstrated on prior conventional angiogram. Known right superior cerebral artery aneurysm is not well seen on the current exam. CT or conventional angiography would be more optimal for follow-up of these abnormalities. 3. New callosal volume loss with posterior body/splenium of the corpus callosum. Favor interval infarct which appears late subacute to chronic. Focal region of cerebritis is thought to be less likely. Follow-up examination may be useful to document change over time.