Diseases: ['meningioma', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple avidly enhancing extra-axial masses consistent with diagnosis of multiple meningioma/schwannoma. They are located on both sides of the falx left tentorium over the frontal convexities bilateral middle cranial fossa and infratentorial fossa. There has been interval increase in the size of the meningioma over the medial aspect of the left tentorium. There is interval increase in the size of the meningioma abutting the inferior aspect of the right tentorium. There is an avidly enhancing mass in the right cerebellopontine angle increased in size in comparison to prior study. It currently measures 20 x 12 mm (previously measuring 12 by 10 mm). On T2 weighted images it has intermediate to low T2 signal intensity. The imaging findings are in favor of meningioma but there may also be a contiguous vestibular schwannoma. Encephalomalacia in the left posterior parietal lobe consistent with postsurgical changes Ex vacuo dilatation of the occipital horn of the left lateral ventricle. There is increased T2 signal intensity in bilateral cerebellar hemisphers and brachium pontis and in the brainstem mostly secondary to prior resection of the vestibular schwannoma. There is significant susceptibility artifact secondary to cochlear implant on the right side. There are a several foci of increased T2 and FLAIR signal intensity in periventricular and deep white matter mostly representing small vessel ischemia. The extent of the periventricular increased T2 and FLAIR signal intensity is unchanged. The paranasal sinuses are clear. Assessment of the orbits is not possible due to susceptibility artifact. What is striking compared to the prior study of January 10 2009 is the overall increase in size of the ventricles. There is bilateral dilatation of the temporal horns not evident on prior studies. The third ventricle is larger although the fourth ventricle is not as enlarged as the lateral ventricles. While there is less mass-effect status post resection of the large left hemispheric meningioma this would not account for the dilatation of the temporal horns. The appearance would suggest an underlying communicating hydrocephalus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Patient with history of neurofibromatosis and multiple meningiomas. Status post resection of posterior left parafalcine meningioma. 2. there is evidence of interval increase in the size of the multiple enhancing tumors but none of these exert considerable mass-effect or seem associated with extensive vasogenic edema. See above. 3. Evidence of communicating hydrocephalus see above discussion correlate with symptoms. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.