Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Patient is status post right pterional craniotomy for right MCA aneurysm clipping with overlying soft tissue swelling and intra-and extracranial fluid collections. The subgaleal fluid collection measures approximately 14-15 mm in maximum thickness contains an air-fluid level and appears largely unchanged from prior CT scan. This collection does not demonstrate obvious diffusion restriction with no definite abnormal contrast enhancement to suggest infection. However some increased enhancement is noted in the right temporal and infratemporal soft tissues overlying the craniotomy see image number 13-21 of series 8 which is favored to be reactive post surgical changes. Extra-axial collection subjacent the craniotomy flap appears marginally increased in thickness from prior CT measures approximately 8 mm prior 6 mm with the no diffusion abnormality and no appreciable postcontrast enhancement to suggest infection. It causes mild underlying mass effect with stable 3 - 4 mm shift of midline structures to the left side. It is possible that these collections are inter-communicating see image number 17 of series 3. Mild diffuse effacement of cerebral sulci along the right cerebral hemisphere. Susceptibility artifact is seen in the right temporal lobe from vascular clips with adjacent areas of T2 and flair hyperintensity likely from recent surgery. No interval acute infarction acute intra-or extra-axial hemorrhage hydrocephalus or effacement of basal cisterns is noted. Stable lacunar infarcts in the left corona radiata and periatrial white matter as well as more confluent signal abnormality in the deep white matter of the left hemisphere are likely reflecting chronic watershed ischemia. Additional scattered foci of periventricular subcortical and brainstem signal abnormality likely reflects sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. Stable small chronic lacunar infarction in the pons. Stable deformity of the right medial orbital wall. Visualized paranasal sinuses show evidence of mild mucosal disease. Fluid in bilateral mastoids.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving postsurgical changes related to right pterional craniotomy and MCA aneurysm clipping as described above. 2 Right subgaleal fluid collection with an air-fluid level appears largely unchanged from prior CT scan. This does not demonstrate obvious diffusion restriction with no definite abnormal contrast enhancement to suggest frank infection. However some increased enhancement is noted in the right temporal and infratemporal soft tissues overlying the craniotomy which is favored to be reactive post surgical changes. 3. Extra-axial collection subjacent the craniotomy flap appears marginally increased in thickness from prior CT with no diffusion abnormality and no appreciable postcontrast enhancement. There is a suggestion that these collections are inter-communicating. Underlying infection in these fluid collections cannot be entirely excluded and clinical correlation is recommended. 4. No interval acute infarction acute intra-or extra-axial hemorrhage or enhancing mass lesions are identified.