Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

The study is motion degraded. Multifocal areas of restricted diffusion are seen most prominent in the medial left frontal lobe and extending to the corpus callosum in the left ACA distribution. Additional foci of restricted diffusion are seen in the posterolateral left thalamus and periventricular white matter in the right temporal lobe. Parenchymal volume loss again noted with ventricles enlarged out of proportion to the sulci. Extensive nonspecific T2 prolongation throughout the cerebral white matter bilaterally as well as the pons and cerebellum. No intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. No pathologic enhancement in the brain parenchyma. A 1.5 x 1.5 x 1.7 cm enhancing mass is seen within the sella with deviation of the infundibulum to the left. There does not appear to be significant mass effect upon the optic chiasm. The mass abuts the bilateral cavernous sinuses right greater than left without definite evidence of invasion. Mild mucosal thickening in the paranasal sinuses. Mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multifocal areas of restricted diffusion compatible with acute to subacute ischemia/infarct primarily in the medial left frontal lobe (ACA distribution) with additional foci in the posterolateral left thalamus and right temporal lobe. 2. Enhancing sellar mass as described likely related to pituitary macroadenoma. 3. Atrophy with ventricles enlarged out of proportion to the sulci. While this could be related to a central pattern of atrophy a communicating hydrocephalus such as NPH cannot be excluded. 4. Extensive nonspecific signal abnormality throughout the white matter. This is commonly seen in the setting of chronic small vessel ischemia although transependymal flow of CSF can have a similar appearance. Recommend clinical correlation. Attending note: Agree with above however the small apparent areas of restricted diffusion in the poster lateral left thalamus and right temporal lobe periventricular white matter are not definitively demonstrated on the ADC images. The left ACA distribution diffusion positive areas are positive on the ADC images. Findings were discussed with Dr. Betensky on 1/23/2009 and approximately 12:45 a.m.