Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status post left suboccipital craniotomy. Post surgical changes are seen superficially of the left posterior and inferior posterior fossa with extra-axial fluid collection minimal apparent hemorrhage and pneumocephalus. There is mild mass effect on the left cerebellar hemisphere with deviation of the cerebellar vermis to the right effacement of the left posterior aspect of the fourth ventricle and mild effacement of the left cerebellopontine angle. The temporal ones are prominent for a patient of 30 years of age suggesting mild obstructive hydrocephalus but follow-up imaging and comparison to previous would be warranted in that regard. There is moderate effacement of the left inferior aspect of the quadrigeminal cistern with flattening of the left posterior mesencephalic structures. No supratentorial mass effect is identified. There is minimal contrast enhancement at the cerebellar surface of the surgical site inferiorly see series 11 image 7. No other abnormal enhancement is identified. The cerebral hemispheres are unremarkable in morphology. The visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. There is partial filling of the left mastoid air cells with fluid signal likely reflecting postoperative changes. The right mastoid air cells are unremarkable. The appearance of the left transverse and sigmoid sinus appear unremarkable on postcontrast imaging. There is evidence of restricted diffusion along the anterior aspect of the left brachium pontis suggesting postoperative change or ischemia in a branch of the anterior/inferior cerebellar artery. This extends into the parenchyma and seems unlikely that it would be a reflection of hemorrhage in the extra-axial space.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post left suboccipital craniotomy with postsurgical changes specifically a left extra-axial collection and left posterior fossa mass effect and restricted diffusion prominent along the anterior left brachium pontis as described above. 2. Prominent temporal horns for a patient of 31 years of age suggesting the possibility of an early obstructive hydrocephalus but correlate with prior studies and follow up I think would be prudent.