Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There is an approximately 40 mm x 48 mm heterogeneously enhancing cortical/subcortical based left frontal mass with a nonenhancing/necrotic center. Foci of T1 shortening and gradient susceptibility are seen within the mass possibly foci of hemorrhage or calcifications. The mass demonstrates significant surrounding mass effect with displacement of the left basal ganglia and effacement of the left lateral ventricle. Subfalcine herniation and midline shift of approximately 18 mm towards the right are visualized. There is obstructive hydrocephalus at the level of the third ventricle/foramen of Monro causing dilatation of the right temporal and occipital horns. There is extensive surrounding area of T2 prolongation involving the frontal temporal and parietal white matter extending into the genuine the corpus callosum and involving the caudate lobe. Few areas within the mass demonstrate restricted diffusion likely indicating high cellularity. There is also relatively low T2 signal in the lesion suggesting high cellularity or calcification in the lesion. No other focus of abnormal enhancement is identified. Few foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity are noted in periventricular and deep white matter of bilateral cerebral hemispheres nonspecific finding and may indicate changes of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Mucous retention cysts are seen in bilateral maxillary sinuses. Diffuse low T1 signal intensity is noted within the cavity or bone marrow possibly indicating anemia or infiltrative disorder. Correlate clinically. The orbital contents are grossly unremarkable. The mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Heterogeneously enhancing left frontal lobe mass with significant surrounding edema and mass effect as described above. There is subfalcine mid line shift of approximately 18 mm towards the right with obstructive hydrocephalus at the level of the ventricle/foramen of Monro. The findings considering patient's history of metastatic colon carcinoma likely reflect a metastatic focus to the brain. A primary brain tumor remains a less likely possibility. Findings discussed with Dr. Halpern from neurosurgery at the time interpretation.