Diseases: ['epilepsy', 'hydrocephalus', 'normal', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Examination of motion degraded. There are post surgical changes from prior right sided temporoparietal craniectomy. There is a portion of the right frontal and temporal opercular regions which herniate into this defect which is similar to prior exam. There are foci of susceptibility within the adjacent frontal opercular cortex likely representing blood products and may be related to prior surgery or posttraumatic in etiology. There are no extra-axial fluid collections. Encephalomalacic changes are redemonstrated most markedly in the right parieto-occipital region from remote prior insult favor ischemic however posttraumatic etiology not excluded. There also malacic changes centered about the posterior aspect right superior frontal sulcus and suggested about the right central sulcus and superior parietal lobule which may be due to remote prior insult. FLAIR signal abnormality is noted in the right frontal corona radiata which is nonspecific possibly ischemic or may be due to remote prior trauma. In addition to right parieto-occipital encephalomalacic changes as described there is also volume loss in the right temporal region most prominently medially with FLAIR hyperintense signal suggested within the right medial temporal lobe structures and possibly hippocampus. Ventricular caliber is similar with enlargement of the right lateral ventricle most prominently the temporal horn occipital horn and atrial region relative to the left likely ex vacuo in origin. There is similar mild enlargement of the left lateral ventricle as well as third ventricle. There is mild diffuse prominence of sulci and folia likely reflective of mild generalized parenchymal volume loss. There is a nonspecific focus of susceptibility in the right caudothalamic region. There is maybe related to remote prior hypertensive infarct versus less likely sequela of traumatic brain injury. There are no territorial regions restricted diffusion there is no midline shift or focal regions of mass effect. There is nonspecific periventricular FLAIR hyperintensity. There mild ethmoidal mucosal changes. Spondylotic changes as suggested of the upper cervical spine probably facet arthropathy however assessment is degraded by motion. Nonspecific foci of hypointense signal is noted within the clivus on T1-weighted imaging (image 7 series 9 and image 12 series 2). There are mild ethmoidal mucosal changes. Imaged orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post surgical changes from prior right temporoparietal craniectomy. There are areas of susceptibility within the adjacent right frontotemporal cortex favor postsurgical or related to remote prior trauma. Nonspecific focus of susceptibility in the right caudothalamic region which maybe related to remote prior hypertensive infarct versus less likely sequela of traumatic brain injury. 2. Encephalomalacic changes most marked in the right parieto-occipital region but also suggested within the posterior aspect right frontal lobe and anterior aspect right frontal lobe as detailed similar to prior head CT. Favor that this is likely either ischemic or related to remote prior trauma. There are encephalomalacic changes also present within the right temporal lobe most prominently medially to include the hippocampus; well this may be secondary to similar prior remote insult but also has been described in the setting of temporal lobe epilepsy. Correlate clinically. 3. Stable ventriculomeglay favor largely ex vacuo in origin given stability. A component of compensated communicating hydrocephalus (normal pressure hydrocephalus) is felt to be less likely. 4. Abnormal patchy T1 hypointense signal within the clivus. While nonspecific clinical correlation is recommended for associated history of myeloproliferative disorders or neoplastic conditions.