Diseases: ['metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Sagittal T1 axial T1 pre and post contrast coronal T1post contrast axial T2 axial flair axial DWI images wereobtained of the brain. In addition axial T1 pre and postcontrast coronal T1 coronal T2 images of the orbits were alsoperformed.There are three hemorrhagic lesions within the right frontal midleft cerebellum and left medulla that demonstrate high T1 signalintensity on noncontrast images and diffuse enhancement postcontrast. They are consistent with metastatic disease.The right frontal lesion measures 1.6 x 2 x 2 cm and demonstratessurrounding vasogenic edema (series 11 image 19) . Thecerebellar lesion measures 1.8 x 2.0 x 2.5 cm and demonstratescentral necrosis (series 11 image 9). There is no significantmass effect on the fourth ventricle of this time. The medullarylesion measures 1.0 x 1.0 x 1.1 cm and is expansile and issurrounded by vasogenic edema (series 11 image 5). There is nomidline shift or obstructive hydrocephalus at this time.There are several other scattered foci of high T2 signalabnormalities throughout the subcortical white matter bilaterallyand periventricular regions that do not enhance post contrast.These are nonspecific in appearance and the differential diagnosiswould include vasculitis demyelinating and inflammatory disordersand sequela of small vessel ischemic disease.Orbital MRI:At this time no abnormally enhancing lesions are seen within theorbits. The extraocular muscles are normal bilaterally.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bihemispheric metastatic disease with evidence of vasogenicedema but no midline shift or obstructive hydrocephalus at thistime.2. Metastatic disease to the medulla.ATTENDING INTERPRETATION: Agree with above. A small enhancingfocus is also noted adjacent to the left sylvian fissure alsoconsistent with metastasis. The right frontal lesion also showsadjacent abnormal leptomeningeal enhancement. In summary thefindings are consistent with intracranial metastatic disease.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation