Diseases: ['myelinolysis']
FINDINGS:

There has been interval development of symmetric T2/FLAIR hyperintensity in the bilateral thalami without restricted diffusion. These are nonspecific but may reflect sequela of seizures metabolic/toxic etiologies or infection. Similar appearance of bilateral patchy foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter which are nonspecific but may represent sequela of chronic microvascular ischemia. Focus of T2 prolongation in the central pons is less conspicuous than on prior exam and likely reflects chronic sequela from prior central pontine myelolysis. Stable appearance of focal encephalomalacic changes in the right frontal lobe probably reflecting chronic infarct. Stable encephalomalacia in medial right temporal occipital region consistent with old infarct. There is incomplete suppression of signal in the subarachnoid spaces relative to the ventricles on FLAIR imaging; while this likely reflects high inspired FiO2 in this intubated patient proteinaceous material and/or hemorrhage in the subarachnoid space is not excluded. Redemonstration of symmetric T1 hyperintensity in globus pallidus bilaterally consistent with sequela of chronic liver disease. No acute intracranial hemorrhage acute infarct extra-axial fluid collection midline shift or significant mass effect. There is generalized parenchymal volume loss stable from prior study. Ventricles are prominent but stable in size. There is no evidence of obstructive hydrocephalus. The basal cisterns are patent. The paranasal sinuses are clear. Endotracheal and oro-enteric tubes are partially imaged. Small amount of layering fluid in dependent nasopharynx likely related to intubated state. Mild partial opacification of right mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval development of symmetric signal abnormality in bilateral thalami nonspecific in etiology with differential considerations including sequela of seizures toxic/metabolic etiologies and potentially infection. 2. Redemonstration of bilateral white matter changes likely reflecting sequela of microvascular ischemia advanced for age. 3. Chronic area of signal abnormality in central pons likely reflecting changes from prior central pontine myelinolysis. 4. Incomplete suppression of signal in the subarachnoid spaces relative to the ventricles on FLAIR imaging; while this likely reflects high inspired FiO2 in this intubated patient proteinaceous material and/or hemorrhage in the subarachnoid space is not excluded. Correlate with results of CSF sampling which has already been performed.