Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma', 'hygroma']
FINDINGS:

There is normal appearance of the brain parenchyma. There is no restricted diffusion in the brain. Mild linear FLAIR hyperintensity patient is suggested along the tentorium cerebelli on the right as well as within the adjacent sulci right greater than left occipital lobes. There is also a 4 mm thick prominent extra-axial fluid collection of heterogeneously increased T2 and FLAIR signal adjacent to the left frontal lobe. There is no convincing evidence of shear injury however assessment for small foci of intraparenchymal hemorrhage is limited. There is no abnormal meningeal or parenchymal enhancement. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and position. The intracranial flow signals are normal. T2/FLAIR increased signal is noted along the frontal ethmoidal and maxillary sinuses. Gradient echo images acquired are technically inadequate so cannot assess accurately for hemorrhage shear injury but diffusion weighted images were unremarkable. Dependent fluid noted within the nasal cavity. Endotracheal and orogastric tube noted. The calvarium is normal. The orbits are normal. The paranasal sinuses are normal. Mild soft tissue scalp swelling is noted adjacent to the anterior aspect right parietal bone. There is mild prevertebral soft tissue swelling along the superior anterior aspect of the cervical spine. There is edema through the base of the dens consistent with known type II/III dens fracture not significantly displaced. An epidural hemorrhage is not definitely seen. There is mild edema along the termination of the anterior longitudinal ligament without frank discontinuity seen. There is a small amount of fluid within the C1-C2 joints bilaterally and mild prevertebral edema. Posterior longitudinal ligament and ligamentum flavum appears intact. There is no cord abnormality. Multilevel spondylotic changes are noted of the cervical spine worst at C6 C7 with right central disk extrusion and annular tear with indentation of the spinal cord next worst level C3-C4 with mild canal narrowing. There is mild flow related enhancement of the left greater than right occipital vertebral arteries; however there is no evidence of dissection flap stenosis or occlusion of the extracranial arterial vasculature. Small basilar fenestration incidentally noted a normal variant.
IMPRESSION:

1. No significant displacement in type II/III dens fracture with anterior longitudinal ligament edema and mild bilateral C1-C2 joint fluid. No evidence of cord injury or epidural hematoma. No evidence of vertebral artery dissection. 2. Mild increased FLAIR signal noted along the tentorium cerebelli on the right consistent with subdural hematoma probable minimal subarachnoid blood in proximity. New 4-mm small small subdural hematoma or hygroma adjacent to the left frontal lobe. There is mild increased FLAIR signal along bilateral cortical sulci more superior right greater left. While this may be artifactual this may also be seen in the setting of high FiO2 oxygen delivery or less likely subtle subarachnoid hemorrhage. No suspicious parenchymal injury within limits of exam. Follow-up noncontrast head CT suggested. 3. Multilevel spondylotic changes. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.