Diseases: ['empyema']
FINDINGS:

New acute infarct in right dorsal pons in expected region of the sixth nerve nucleus and right seventh nerve coursing behind VI nerve nucleus (series 8 image 82). A new infarct left medial pons with evolving infarct in left anterior pons now enhancing. Involvement of the descending spinothalamic tracts again seen. Gliosis and hemosiderin seen along right frontal lobe in previous tract of intracranial device. Edema along the right parietal shunt catheter tract again seen. Ventricles are stable in size. No gas in right lateral ventricle. Hemosiderin in the occipital horns. Left frontal subdural collection without rim enhancement but with restricted diffusion is essentially unchanged from prior MRI. Thin right hemispheric hygroma stable. Diffuse dural enhancement with more thick component in the left middle cranial fossa floor is similar to the prior study. Slightly more dural enhancement along the right hemisphere possibly reactive from shunting since prior MRI. Focus of T2 prolongation with slight enhancement left frontal cortex is slightly more prominent than on the prior exam possibly treatment related. Skull base flow voids appear appropriate. Mild paranasal sinus mucosal thickening.
IMPRESSION:

1. New infarct along the expected region of posterior aspect of right sixth nerve nucleus and seventh nerve as it courses behind the sixth nerve nucleus could explain the patient's intranuclear ophthalmoplegia. New additional evolving infarct in the medial left thalamus. 2. Evolving infarcts in anterior left thalamus and in descending tracts. 3. Stable appearance of restricting subdural collection over left frontal convexity. Given interval stability evolving blood products is favored over empyema but clinical correlation for signs of infection is advised. 4. No suspicious enhancement to suggest left temporal tumor recurrence; enhancement along floor of middle cranial fossa could be treatment related/postsurgical. Continued follow-up is advised. 5. Diffuse dural enhancement could be reactive to shunting since prior MRI. Discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Sanborn at 11:45 p.m. on May 2 2008. Attending note: I agree with the report above and have personally reviewed the images. While this 1 to 2 mm area of apparent restricted diffusion was not apparent on the study of April 23 the image quality today is greater which decreases certainty in that regard. I wonder if the patient has any corresponding right-sided cranial nerve symptoms.