Diseases: ['hygroma']
FINDINGS:

Again seen is prior surgical change of a right frontal craniotomy and resection bed in the right lateral anterior frontal lobe. The small pseudomeningocele/subgaleal fluid collection in the right frontal scalp external to the craniotomy as well as the surgical bed in the right frontal lobe are essentially unchanged compared to recent head CT. The minimal scatter foci of restricted diffusion inside the right frontal lobe resection bed is present most likely blood product rather than infectious debris. The pseudomeningocele shows no imaging evidence of inflammation/infection. Since the prior postoperative brain MRI the patient has developed a right frontal parietal convexity hygroma and a left more than right frontal parietal subdural collections maximally 4-5 mm in thickness mostly on the left side and along the frontal convexities. The brain is mildly displaced by the collection but there is no evidence of complete sulcal effacement or brain edema. Ventricular size has returned to normal configuration compared to the postoperative examination similar to prior CT. Linear and minima nodular enhancement around the frontal resection bed reflects scar and or potentially residual neoplasm. The enhancing neoplasm in the medial anterior right thalamus across the massa intermedia minimally to the medial left thalamus and enhancing neoplasm in the right lateral cerebellar hemisphere are minimally decreased in size as well as the adjacent edema. Specifically the right thalamic lesion measures 12 x 9 mm compared to 14 x 9 mm and the right cerebellar lesion measures 20 x 15 mm compared to 23 x 20 mm. There is no acute infarct intracranial hemorrhage or new pathologic enhancement. Scattered small foci of T2 prolongation within the white matter are nonspecific and most likely chronic small vessel ischemic disease are unchanged Patency of major intracranial vessels including dural venous sinuses is seen.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small pseudomeningocele/subgaleal fluid collection in the right frontal scalp. 2. Linear and minima nodular enhancement around the frontal resection bed reflects scar and or potentially residual neoplasm. The enhancing neoplasm in the medial anterior right thalamus across the massa intermedia minimally to the medial left thalamus and enhancing neoplasm in the right lateral cerebellar hemisphere are minimally decreased in size as well as the adjacent edema. No new lesion. 3. Since the prior postoperative brain MRI the patient has developed a right frontal parietal convexity hygroma and a left more than right frontal parietal subdural collections maximally 4-5 mm in thickness mostly on the left side and along the frontal convexities. This is grossly similar to recent head CT earlier on same date.