Diseases: ['hygroma']
FINDINGS:

Left convexity extra-axial collection is not significantly changed accounting for differences in technique and slice angulation. Burr hole on left appearing since 10/14/2011. Prior left frontal craniotomy. Large left frontal slightly heterogeneous T2/flair cystic surgical cavity communicating with the left lateral ventricle. There is stable local mass effect with 8-mm left to right midline shift. Hemosiderin staining along the cavity margins. Heterogeneous signal and more solid appearing portion of the anterior/inferior portion of the cavity demonstrates restricted diffusion. This same area shows intrinsic T1 shortening likely representing blood products but likely not enough blood to explain findings. No interval change in increased T2/flair hyperintensities in the periventricular and perisurgical cavity area. Stable ventricular size. Interval increase in linear enhancement along the surgical cavity margins. There is also now more apparent ependymal enhancement along the left lateral ventricle. No increased CBV is identified within the areas of T2/flair abnormality. Thin linear increased signal just adjacent to the ventricles is nonspecific and likely artifactual. Spectroscopy showed some areas of increased lactate/lipid peak and depressed NAA. However spectroscopy is largely noncontributory for this interpretation.
IMPRESSION:

1. Relatively stable left subdural hygroma. 2. Postsurgical changes related to left frontal tumor resection stable in regards to size/non enhanced appearance of surgical cavity and adjacent T2/flair hyperintensity. Interval appearance of thin linear enhancement along the surgical cavity and ependyma of left lateral ventricle. In the absence of recent radiation the enhancement is concerning for recurrence. Close attention to these areas on follow up examination is recommended. *ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: 1. Different angulation makes direct comparison for changes in signal intensity problematic. Using also a more distant study September 21 2011 the pattern of signal abnormality adjacent to the cavity left greater than right inferior medial frontal lobes anterior corpus callosum and along left greater than right lateral ventricles and the surgical cavity is similar except for mild increase superior lateral aspect along margin lateral ventricle and surgical cavity and there is also progression around frontal horns and inferior frontal lobes and anterior corpus callosum compared to September 21 study. 2. Diffusion-bright material along anterior medial frontal part of resection cavity near genu corpus callosum is redemonstrated some of it internal but some corresponding to margins where there is nodular signal in suspected tissue. Similar findings are seen along frontal horn and septum at and above the level of the anterior commissure. Suspect at least some of this represents cellular material though infected material and/or blood may contribute. Diffusion-bright signal in occipital horns lateral ventricles and to a lesser extent along margins of surgical cavity and extra-axial collection in general slightly decreasing in overall prominence since October 14 2011 possibly evolving infection. 3. Diffuse continuous thin linear enhancement is seen along the margins of the anterior/inferior medial frontal cavity along left greater than right ventricular margins and to a lesser extent more superior aspect of surgical cavity and along extra-axial collection left. No focal nodular enhancement is clearly appreciated though patient previously on Avastin (last dose July 2011). At least some of the signal abnormality on flair and diffusion weighted imaging especially around the frontal horns and the septal region likely represents progressing neoplasm enhancement appears more reactive or infectious/inflammatory and less likely neoplastic though note is made of additional history of AML per electronic record which complicates interpretation with regard to the known primary CNS neoplasm(s). 4. The prior use of Avastin limits utility of the cerebral blood volume imaging technique. No striking blood volume elevation is appreciated but last Avastin dose July 2011 so this may not be as much of an issue as noted above. Changes called to Dr. Muralidharan in NICU 11/3/2011 1315 hours acknowledged. Consider CSF sampling of ventricles if not already available recommend follow up MRI in 2-4 weeks or as clinically indicated. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.