Diseases: ['abscess']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated are evolving postsurgical changes status post resection left frontal neoplasm including a left pterional craniotomy with mesh cranioplasty left frontal lobe resection cavity communicating with the left lateral ventricle and adjacent extradural collection. Gas is once again noted within the extradural collection without convincing diffusion restriction seen within it to suggest abscess formation at this time. However there is thick dural enhancement overlying the left cerebral hemisphere with a focus of shaggy irregular enhancement adjacent to the extradural collection which has emerged since the prior study. This may reflect reactive changes secondary to infection within the adjacent collection dural spread of neoplasm or evolving postsurgical changes. There is thin smooth dural enhancement overlying the right cerebral hemisphere likely postoperative sequela. Redemonstrated is a small subdural hygroma overlying the left cerebral convexity essentially unchanged. Redemonstrated is extensive signal abnormality involving the left frontal and to a lesser extent left parietal and temporal lobes. Signal abnormality also noted within the right periventricular white matter. Findings presumably reflect a combination of treatment sequela and nonenhancing neoplasm. Sequela of Wallerian degeneration also again noted on the left. Signal abnormality also noted about the right parietal approach the ventricular shunt. Ventricles are prominent but remain stable in size. Redemonstrated are multiple foci of enhancement at the margins of the resection cavity including posterolateral margin (series 8 image 25) unchanged anterolateral margin (series 8 image 21) increased posterolateral margin (series 8 image 21) unchanged anteromedial margin (series 8 image 20) unchanged anterior margin (series 8 image 19) unchanged.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extradural collection overlying the left frontal resection cavity containing gas presumably tracking through an overlying skin defect without associated diffusion restriction to suggest frank abscess formation at this time. However there is adjacent shaggy dural enhancement which has emerged in the interval since the prior MRI possibly reflecting reactive changes due to infection evolving postsurgical changes or possibly dural spread of neoplasm. 2. Focus of increased enhancement at the anterolateral margin of the resection cavity compatible with residual tumor with possible progression. Late subacute ischemia is another possibility. Additional stable foci of enhancement at the margin of the resection cavity. Stable signal abnormality within the brain parenchyma likely reflecting combination of nonenhancing neoplasm and post treatment sequela. 3. Evolving post-surgical changes. This case was discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Chen of neurosurgery 811 PM June 26 2010.