Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hygroma', 'lipoma']
FINDINGS:

Study is slightly degraded by motion. Age-appropriate volume loss. Slightly prominent extra-axial fluid collection over the left cerebral hemisphere probably within the subarachnoid space and which may be related to asymmetric volume loss less likely chronic subdural hematoma or hygroma. Scattered foci of T2 prolongation throughout the cerebral white matter nonspecific but likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. There are a few foci of restricted diffusion in the cortical/subcortical region of the right frontal lobe possibly left basal ganglia and left temporal lobe compatible with small foci of subacute ischemia. There is a 5 mm nonenhancing lesion in the left tectal region with intrinsic T1 hyperintensity which demonstrates fat suppression and no evidence of restricted diffusion compatible with a small lipoma. No acute intracranial hemorrhage midline shift or mass effect. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic parenchymal enhancement. There does appear to be mild dural thickening and enhancement over the frontal lobes bilaterally and along the floor of the right anterior cranial fossa which may be reactive in nature without evidence of epidural abscess. Diffuse mucosal thickening and enhancement is seen throughout the paranasal sinuses with near complete opacification of the ethmoid air cells. Fluid noted within the bilateral sphenoid and maxillary sinuses with polyp or retention cyst in the right maxillary sinus. Post-surgical changes noted from sinonasal surgery as detailed on prior CT. The oral cavity is not completely evaluated on this exam. There is no convincing evidence of pathologic signal or enhancement involving the visualized portions of the sinonasal cavity. Orbits unremarkable. Partial opacification of the mastoid air cells and middle ears bilaterally. The osseous structures of the face sinuses and skull base primarily demonstrate T1 hyperintensity which suppresses on the fat-suppressed sequences compatible with fatty change. No definite pathologic enhancement in the visualized osseous structures.
IMPRESSION:

1. Findings suggestive of a few scattered foci of subacute ischemia possibly embolic in nature correlate clinically. 2. Volume loss and sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. Asymmetric extra-axial fluid collection over the left cerebral hemisphere which may be related to asymmetric volume loss less likely small chronic subdural hematoma or hygroma. 3. Diffuse sinus disease as described with evidence of prior surgery. No convincing findings of pathologic mass signal abnormality or enhancement in the visualized portions of the sinonasal cavity. 4. Mild dural thickening and enhancement over the frontal lobes likely reactive in nature. No evidence of intracranial epidural abscess. 5. Probable small lipoma in the left tectal region. 6. The osseous structures of the face and skull base which had an abnormal appearance on CT demonstrate primarily fatty change with no pathologic characteristics on MRI imaging and may be treatment-related. Critical findings were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Ransom on 2/19/2009 at 1:45am