Diseases: ['glioblastoma', 'hygroma']
FINDINGS:

Status post left frontal craniotomy with continued evolution of postoperative changes. The left frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter has been removed. Again noted is a resection cavity primarily within the left frontal lobe crossing over the corpus callosum into the right frontal lobe containing blood products. Decreased tiny right posterior fossa extra-axial collection with resolution of the left posterior fossa extra-axial collection. There is increased extra-axial fluid on the left representing a subdural hygroma. There is decreased extra-axial fluid on the right. Continued evolution of left extra-axial blood products. Resolution of bilateral pneumocephalus. Decreased amount of FLAIR signal abnormality surrounding the resection cavity likely representing decreased vasogenic edema. However the continued FLAIR signal abnormality surrounding the resection cavity may represent either postoperative change or possibly infiltrative tumor. Decreased mass effect upon the bilateral lateral ventricles and decreased left to right midline shift now measuring approximately 3 mm previously 9 mm. Relatively stable restricted diffusion around the periphery of the surgical cavity likely representing blood products. Linear enhancement is seen around the resection cavity may be postsurgical or tumor. The areas of nodular enhancement along the right frontal lobe/corpus callosum and along the inferior left frontal lobe are more concerning for residual/recurrent tumor. Stable scattered foci of white matter signal FLAIR abnormality nonspecific. Interval enhancement of the muscles in the posterior neck on the left without associated T2 or FLAIR signal abnormality which probably represent blood products.. No evidence of acute infarct or intracranial hemorrhage. Basilar cisterns are patent. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus. Pituitary fossa and orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left frontal craniotomy for glioblastoma resection. Decreased edema decreased mass effect. 2. Left subdural hygroma. 3. Nodular enhancement about the cavity possible residual or recurrent infiltrative tumor. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.