Diseases: ['hygroma']
FINDINGS:

Left convexity subdural hygroma 6 mm maximum thickness with mild effacement of the convexity sulci and left lateral ventricle and 3 mm rightward midline shift and minimal subfalcine herniation of the left cingulum. No acute intracranial hemorrhage. No acute infarct. Scattered foci of T2 prolongation involving the ventricular deep and subcortical white matter of bilateral cerebral hemispheres mildly progressed since 2007 likely reflecting chronic small vessel ischemia slightly advanced for age. No pathologic enhancement. No ventriculomegaly. Basal cisterns are patent. Bilateral lens replacements. Underdeveloped frontal sinuses with complete left frontoethmoidal opacification. Otherwise mild scattered paranasal sinus mucosal inflammatory changes. Straightening of cervical lordosis. Mild anterolisthesis of C6 on C7 associated with severe degenerative changes suggesting chronicity. Posterior C3 vertebral body metastasis increased in size now 5 x 5 x 8 mm. C2 and C7 metastases are decreased in size not detectable on today's exam. C6 Schmorl's node with extensive underlying chronic degenerative changes. Intraosseous metastases of the thoracic spine previously described on 5/26/13 are redemonstrated in the visualized T3 T4 and T5 vertebrae. Severe multilevel cervical spondylotic changes with degenerative endplate changes loss of disk height and posterior bulging with associated osteophyte complex uncovertebral joint hypertrophy and facet hypertrophy with ligamentum flavum thickening. Motion degradation on axial images limits evaluation but there does not appear to be any significant change since the 2/28/13 exam. There is no convincing evidence of signal cord abnormality. No pathologic enhancement within the thecal sac.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of intracranial metastasis. Left convexity subdural hygroma with mass effect and mild rightward midline shift as above. 2. Increased size of C3 metastatic lesion without bony expansion or epidural extension within limits of motion degraded exam. 3. Prior noted C2 and C7 the lesions not confidently identified. Loss of vertebral body height at C7 likely pathologic fracturing without evidence of significant retropulsion. 4. Redemonstrated intraosseous metastases in the upper thoracic spine. 5. Multilevel cervical spondylotic changes are better evaluated on the prior exam due to motion degradation on today's study grossly stable. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with the preliminary report without modification.