Diseases: ['hygroma']
FINDINGS:

Chronic infarcts in the occipital lobes bilaterally with ex vacuo dilatation of the occipital horns. Chronic lacunar infarct in the left cerebellar hemisphere. All infarcts demonstrate susceptibility artifact likely related to prior hemorrhage. No acute ischemia. No acute intracranial hemorrhage. Subdural collection over the right frontal lobe measuring 7 mm in maximum diameter follow CSF on all pulse sequences and most likely represents chronic subdural hygroma. No mass-effect or midline shift. Scattered nonspecific foci of T2 signal abnormality in the white matter most likely related to chronic small vessel ischemic change in this patient. Volume loss within expected range for age. No hydrocephalus. Mild mucosal thickening in the mastoid air cells bilaterally. Clear paranasal sinuses. MRA of the brain demonstrates patent intracranial vasculature without hemodynamically significant stenosis aneurysm or AV malformation within the limits of MR. MRA of the neck demonstrates patent carotid and vertebral arteries bilaterally no dissection or hemodynamically significant stenosis. 0% ICA stenosis by NASCET criteria. The origin of the left external carotid artery is not visualized well which could be an artifact of time-of-flight imaging but could also represent stenosis. Flow related enhancement is seen in the more distal ECA territory. Bilateral pleural effusions are incidentally noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Chronic infarcts in the posterior circulation probably with prior hemorrhage. No acute ischemia. 2. No evidence of septic emboli. 3. Probable chronic subdural hygroma over the right frontal lobe 7 mm in diameter without mass effect. 4. Patent intracranial circulation carotid arteries and vertebral arteries. Probable stenosis at the origin of the left external carotid artery. 0% ICA stenosis by NASCET criteria. 5. Bilateral pleural effusions ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: The left ECA finding probably represents a severe stenosis. Focal signal abnormality in right cerebellum without restricted diffusion may represent another old infarct. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.