Diseases: ['infarction', 'empyema', 'cerebritis']
FINDINGS:

There are postsurgical changes from a left posterior craniotomy and partial occipital tumor resection. There are evolving blood products within the operative bed. There is a small amount of extra-axial blood along the left posterior convexity. Again seen is areas of T2 prolongation involving and expanding the splenium of the corpus callosum extending into the left temporal and parietal lobe. This appears overall stable when compared to the most recent examination. Again noted are findings of an evolving left posterior cerebral artery infarction with an associated hemorrhagic component . There is mass effect on left lateral ventricle similar to the prior MRI from 10-28-07. The right lateral ventricle is stable in size with right frontal ventriculostomy catheter unchanged in position. There is hyperintense T2 signal along the ventriculostomy tract. There is slightly decreased left-to-right midline shift now approximating 4mm. There is a stable 3 cm subdural collection posterior to the left occipital lobe with stable surrounding mass effect. Again seen is restricted diffusion and peripheral rim enhancement concerning for a subdural empyema. The areas of peripheral enhancement surrounding the collection appear slightly more well defined on the current examination. This may potentially communicate with the left occipital lobe surgical cavity which also shows some linear enhancement along the peripheral margins. There are stable areas of T2 prolongation in the basal ganglia bilaterally greater on the right as well in the right thalamus and in the midbrain. No restricted diffusion of pathologic enhancement in this region. This appears overall stable from prior examination. There has been continued evolution of the left posterior subgaleal scalp fluid collection with internal foci of air now decreased in size from prior examination. This demonstrates peripheral rim enhancement and may communicate intracranially to the superior aspect of the surgical cavity (series 8 images 14-21) Again seen is mucosal thickening within the paranasal sinuses. Bilateral mastoid air cell opacification.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving postsurgical changes from partial left occipital lobe tumor resection. Continued evolution of left posterior cerebral artery infarction. 2. Stable left posterior occipital convexity subdural collection concerning for empyema. Interval decrease in size of left posterior subgaleal collection. Suggestion of communication of these collections with the postoperative cavity. 3. Stable hyperintense T2/FLAIR signal within the basal ganglia bilaterally right thalamus and midbrain. Differential considerations again include infectious etiology such as cerebritis hypertensive encephalopathy venous ischemia or related to seizures. Correlation is advised.