Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There is no restricted diffusion. Near symmetric right greater than left medial parietal and to lesser degree occipital cystic encephalomalacia with associated gliosis; there are a few scattered foci of susceptibility within these regions of encephalomalacia which may reflect small foci of microhemorrhage. There is associated ex vacuo ventricular dilatation. Few patchy scattered punctate foci of FLAIR hyperintensity within the deep and periventricular white matter which could represent sequela of microvascular ischemic changes. Small focus of encephalomalacia within the right cerebellar hemisphere from probable remote prior infarct. There are no extra-axial fluid collections. There are no focal regions of mass-effect. Mild ethmoidal mucosal changes. Probable small bilateral maxillary mucous retention cysts. Mild spondylotic changes of the upper cervical spine are noted on sagittal T1 weighted imaging. There is patent intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis. Vertebrobasilar circulation is slightly left dominant. Neither posterior communicating artery is seen. There is no intracranial aneurysm . Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. There is mild irregularity of the proximal left internal carotid artery which may represent asymmetric atheroma. There is no evidence of flow-limiting stenosis of either internal carotid arteries. The vertebral arteries appear patent. The common carotid arteries appear patent.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute ischemia. 2. Cystic encephalomalacia involving the medial aspects right slightly greater than left parietal and occipital lobes. Differential considerations would include sequela of prior remote ischemic event to include sequleae of prior hypertensive encephalopathy (posterior encephalopathy syndrome) versus possible watershed type insult versus less likely sequela of remote bilateral posterior communicating artery infarct given patent appearance of the posterior cerebral arteries. Sequela of remote prior trauma is also a consideration however felt to be less likely given the symmetry. 3. Patent appearance of the intracranial arterial vasculature. 4. Mild luminal irregularity of the left internal carotid artery proximally probably secondary to atherosclerosis. There is no evidence of hemodynamic limiting stenosis of the extracranial carotid or vertebral vasculature