Diseases: ['meningitis']
FINDINGS:

On the flair sequence there is diffusely increased signal within the sulci and ventricles and both globes. Diffusion weighted images demonstrate multiple small infarcts in the right greater than left centrum semiovale and corona radiata (watershed distribution). Additional small infarcts are noted near the gray-white interface in both hemispheres. There are scattered foci of T2 prolongation in the white matter bilaterally which are nonspecific however most commonly seen in the setting of chronic microvascular disease. Additional T2 prolongation is noted in the pons with extension into the middle cerebellar peduncles and possibly in the medulla. The major intracranial flow voids are identified. There are no large territorial infarcts mass effect midline shift or extra axial fluid collections. There is a retention cyst versus polyp in the right maxillary sinus and subtotal opacification of the left sphenoid sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple small infarcts in the right greater than left centrum semiovale and corona radiata (watershed distribution). Additional small infarcts are noted near the gray-white interface in both hemispheres (these may be embolic). 2. T2 prolongation in the supratentorial white matter as well as in the brainstem with extension into the middle cerebellar peduncles. Imaging appearance is nonspecific however may be seen in the setting of chronic microvascular disease. Distribution is not classic for RPLS however this possibility is not excluded. 3. On the flair sequence there is diffusely increased signal within the sulci and ventricles and both globes. This is a nonspecific finding which may be seen in the setting of oxygen therapy anesthetic medications and prior gadolinium administration especially in the setting of renal failure. Other etiologies such as carcinomatosis diffuse meningitis and diffuse subarachnoid hemorrhage felt to be less likely especially given signal abnormality in the globes. Above findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Kreibich from neurology at 7:30 p.m. 6/15/09.