Diseases: ['myelinolysis', 'hydrocephalus', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

There is dilatation of the lateral and third ventriclesand compression of the fourth ventricle. Cerebellar tonsilsextend beyond the level of foramen magnum. increased T2 and FLAIRsignal is seen extending through the pontine region in thecerebral peduncles cerebellar hemispheres thalami. Also areas ofincreased T2 and FLAIR signal are noted in subcortical highbilateral parietal regions. There is also increased T2 and FLAIRsignal within the white matter adjacent to the frontal andoccipital horns bilaterally likely representing transependymalCSF spread. A focal area of increased T1 T2 and FLAIR signal isseen within the left sub insular region may represent focalhemorrhage. There are no areas of abnormal enhancement. Thevisualized paranasal sinuses and orbital contents are normal. Thecalvarium is normal in marrow signal.MRA of the circle of Willis shows no evidence of intracranialstenosis occlusion or aneurysm.MRA of the cervical vessels shows normal caliber and course of thecarotid and vertebral arteries from their origins to theintracranial portions.
IMPRESSION:

1. Areas of increased T2 FLAIR signal within the pons cerebralpeduncles thalamic region high bilateral parietal regions periventricular white matter without apparent enhancement ordiffusion restriction. Differential diagnosis includesrhombencephalitis hypertensive brainstem encephalopathy cocaineinduced encephalopathy with or without vasculitis pontine andextrapontine myelinolysis and demyelinating process. Similar MRIfindings have also been seen in Wilson's disease andparaneoplastic syndromes correlate clinically for relevance ofthese diagnoses in this patient.2. Hydrocephalus. Cerebellar tonsillar herniation.3. Focal area of increased T1 and T2 signal within several leftsub insular region may represent focal hemorrhage or a cavernoma.4. Limited but normal evaluation of vasculature of the neck andcircle of Willis.Findings discussed with Dr. Beslow at 7:40 PM on April 15th 2006.Addendum:There is a 6 mm focus of T1 shortening in the left frontal lobe.This may represent hemorrhage although this is not appreciated onseveral recently performed from CT scans. Discussed with Dr.Lancaster.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStationAddended by: Interface TalkStation