Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

An intraparenchymal hemorrhage is present in the left posterior parietal lobe with surrounding edema. It is mildly T1 hyperintense and T2 hypointense representing a hemorrhage between 3 to 7 days old. There is mild local mass effect. There is an area of T2 hyperintensity in the right subcortical white matter which is non-specific and may reflect ischemic disease. These findings suggest the possibility of hypertensive hemorrhage especially if the patient has known history of hypertension. Other etiology though less likely include with hemorrhagic transformation of an infarct. There are subtle areas of T2 hyperintense areas in the left posterior thalamus and the brain stem which are non-specific findings. There is no extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. The ventricles sulci and cisterns are normal in size. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. Flow-voids are maintained. Marrow signal is within normal limits. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear. MRA of the circle of the Willis revealed no aneurysms. Intracranial portions of both internal carotid arteries and major branches are unremarkable. Basilar artery and major branches are unremarkable. Intracranial portions of both vertebral arteries are unremarkable. MR venography revealed no evidence of thrombosis or malformations.
IMPRESSION:

1. Intraparenchymal hemorrhage in the left posterior parietal lobe of approximately 3 to 7 days old. The differential diagnosis include hemorrhage related to hypertensive encephalopathy hemorrhagic transformation of an infarct less likely undetected underlying structural lesion. Venous hemorrhagic infarct was considered but no venous abnormality or occlusion identified including cortical venous abnormalities. 2. Normal MRA and MRV of the brain. No evidence of aneurysms AVMs venous occlusions or malformations. Consider follow up to insure resolution in 3 to 4 weeks. Discussed above with Dr. Quinn 9/28/2009 and acknowledged.