Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

Diffusion-weighted images show no evidence of acute ischemia. No hemorrhage is identified on gradient echo images. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. There are nearly confluent hyperintensities on long-TR images in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter. The pattern is nonspecific but abnormal for age. More importantly there is symmetric increased intensity on T2 weighted and flair images in deep gray matter structures especially caudate nucleus but to a lesser extent lentiform nucleus and thalamus bilaterally. No convincing restricted diffusion in these regions although there is less facilitated diffusion as compared to other white matter abnormalities in proximity indicating that this is a different process. There is fullness of left greater than right basal ganglia suggestive of mild edema. Mild effacement left lateral ventricle compared to write but no midline shift or herniation. The MR angiogram of the head shows a segment of apparent signal loss in distal M1 segment on the right but this is likely artifactual due to reversed or in plane flow as there is normal flow void on T2 weighted images and distal branches in this location are clearly patent and without territorial infarct. No other findings on MRA of the brain. No convincing segmental stenosis or vessel irregularity within limits of technique. The ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise nearly symmetric and are moderately prominent overall including mesial temporal structures with decreased volume hippocampus bilaterally in addition to more global volume loss. The MR angiogram of the neck shows no significant stenosis carotid or vertebral arteries. Spondylotic changes are noted in the cervical spine series degraded by motion and limited evaluation in this regard.
IMPRESSION:

1. Abnormal signal intensity and slight fullness left greater than right as a ganglia and thalamus suggests active process. Differential includes hypertensive encephalopathy or other form of PRES (posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome). Global vascular insult likely not the cause of this pattern diffusion findings not in support of this. Some infections causing encephalitis including HIV or associated pathogens could cause this pattern. Ongoing seizures are another possibility as are other toxic/metabolic etiologies. 2. Extensive white matter signal abnormality a nonspecific pattern but different in appearance than deep gray matter findings possibly chronic small vessel ischemic changes though not specific for this. Global volume loss which is moderate in degree as apparent including mesial temporal lobe structures. Paragraph 3. No convincing high-grade intracranial arterial stenosis or occlusion. Like a flow related enhancement in segment of distal right M1 segment is likely artifactual with no acute territorial ischemia is appreciated. 3. Unremarkable unenhanced MR angiogram of the neck. Discussed with Dr. Ruffolo 1740 hours 1/15/2011 acknowledged.