Diseases: ['rhombencephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There are postsurgical changes from prior right occipital craniotomy and occipital lobe biopsy with mild edema and a small amount of extra-axial fluid. Evaluation for acute ischemia in the right occipital lobe is complicated by the presence of blood products doubt but cannot exclude small area of acute ischemia in the right occipital lobe but no new territorial infarct. There are mild old ischemic changes in the right occipital lobe including laminar necrosis. There is abnormally increased signal in the pons and bilateral middle cerebellar peduncles without decreased diffusion. There is minimal abnormally increased signal in the midbrain. There is mild enhancement in the pons on the postcontrast images superimposed on T1-bright signal precontrast. No other areas of enhacement are seen. There is no midline shift. The ventricles sulci and cisterns are normal in size and appearance. In the head there is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. In the neck there is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The left vertebral artery origin is off of the aortic arch which is a normal anatomic variant. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis. Incidental note is made of a tiny left calvarial hemangioma or focal fat. There is fluid in the mastoid air cells bilaterally and the right sphenoid sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Post-surgical changes related to recent right occipital lobe biopsy. Small focus of acute ischemia in the right occipital lobe cannot be excluded but likely not present. Mild old right occipital laminar necrosis is consistent with evolving ischemic change but no acute or early subacute ischemia. 2. Abnormally increased signal in the right occipital lobe pons and bilateral cerebellar peduncles with mild pontine enhancement. This is of uncertain etiology may be due to hypertensive encephalopathy given patient's history of elevated blood pressure at presentation a month ago. This could also be seen in a patient with Listeria rhombencephalitis however the patient has no history of infection and has not been on antibiotics. 3. Patency of the intracranial circulation as above. 4. Patency of the neck vasculature. These results were discussed with Dr. Kreibich from Neurology at 4 p.m.