Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

The bilateral common carotid arteries and origins are patent. There is normal aortic arch anatomy. The right common carotid bifurcation and cervical internal carotid artery is patent. The left proximal internal carotid artery tapers to an occlusion just beyond the carotid bifurcation. This could be related to dissection or possibly atherosclerosis. The bilateral cervical vertebral arteries are patent. The left vertebral artery has a proximal subclavian origin. There is suggestion of a focal stenosis of the right proximal vertebral artery (V1 segment) just beyond the subclavian origin. The right intracranial internal carotid artery A1 and M1 segments and proximal branches are patent. The left intracranial internal carotid artery shows no flow related signal compatible with its cervical occlusion. There is a patent anterior communicating artery and a small left posterior communicating artery which reconstitute the left supraclinoid internal carotid artery with associated patency of the left A1 and M1 segments although the flow related signal in the MCA branches is diminished compared to the right side. The vertebrobasilar system and proximal branches are patent. There is a fetal right PCA origin. There is a focal stenosis in the left intradural vertebral artery which may be high grade. Although there are no dedicated images of the brain there is low T1 signal with associated probable laminar necrosis within the left frontal/insular region compatible with subacute or old infarction within the left MCA territory. Dedicated imaging of the brain would better evaluate.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left proximal cervical internal carotid artery occlusion just beyond the carotid bifurcation. This could be related to dissection or possibly atherosclerosis. There is reconstitution of the left supraclinoid ICA from patent Acomm and left Pcomm arteries. 2. Focal stenosis in the left intradural vertebral artery which may be high grade. 3. Suggestion of a focal stenosis of the right proximal vertebral artery (V1 segment) just beyond the subclavian origin. 4. Subacute or old infarction within the left MCA territory. Dedicated imaging of the brain would better evaluate.