Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

Focal areas of T2/FLAIR signal hyperintensity are seen within the bilateral centrum semiovale right greater than left. Associated enhancement is seen within the right sided lesions. These regions show apparent restricted diffusion however ADC maps are degraded and of limited diagnostic value. Focal areas of susceptibility are seen within the left frontal right parietal region consistent with prior hemorrhage or calcification. There are no acute intra or extra-axial areas of hemorrhage or abnormal fluid collections. The lateral ventricles basal cisterns and sulci are symmetric and patent. No mass lesions or mass effect is seen. No evidence of abnormal parenchymal or meningeal enhancement is seen. The gray/white matter differentiation is preserved without evidence of territorial infarction. Flow voids are maintained within the anterior and posterior circulation. The mastoid air cells orbits and paranasal sinuses are grossly normal. Bone marrow signal is unremarkable. Cervical spine: There is maintenance of the cervical lordosis. There are no focal regions of signal alteration in the vertebral marrow. The cervical spinal cord is intrinsically normal in size without focal signal abnormality. There is no cord compression. A disc osteophyte complex and facet joint arthropathy seen at the C5-6 level resulting in effacement of the anterior CSF space and mild bilateral foraminal narrowing. Broad-based disc bulge and facet joint arthropathy seen at the C6-7 level with mild left-sided foraminal narrowing and no significant canal stenosis. No other areas of central disc herniation canal stenosis nor foraminal narrowing. No abnormal enhancement within the cord.
IMPRESSION:

1. Focal areas of signal abnormality enhancement and apparent restricted diffusion within the centrum semiovale as detailed likely reflecting subacute infarction. Metastatic disease may also show restricted diffusion however less likely. Clinical correlation advised. 2. No evidence of metastatic disease within the cervical spine. Degenerative changes as detailed.