Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'hematoma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

In the left inferior frontal lobe abutting the left orbital roof there is a 1.3 cm T1 hyperintense and heterogeneously T2 iso to hypointense mass within an area of encephalomalacia in the left inferior frontal lobe. This is associated with susceptiblity on GRE suggesting an hemorrhagic or partially calcified mass. Findings are nonspecific and can be seen with an evolving hematoma partially calcified mass or hemorrhagic mass. There is no significant mass effect. In fact there is ex vacuo dilatation of the left frontal horn. Central restricted diffusion within the mass may be related to mineralization or blood products. An unenhanced CT is recommended to assess for chronicity of blood products/calcification. Contrast-enhanced MRI may be helpful to determine enhancement. Encephalomalaciac changes are also present in the left greater than right parietal lobes and left occipital lobe likely sequela of chronic infarctions. Chronic ischemic changes also present in the left MCA/PCA watershed zone. Bilateral old cerebellar infarcts are also present. No acute infarction. Scattered foci of FLAIR signal abnormality involving the periventricular and subcortical white matter are non-specific however likely the sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. There is no midline shift mass effect or extra-axial collection. Paranasal sinuses are essentially clear. Left globe prosthesis in place.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute infarction or other foci of abnormal susceptiblity. 2. Hemorrhagic or partially calcified mass in the left inferior frontal lobe without mass effect and is associated with left inferior frontal encephalomalacia nonspecific. This may represent a chronic hematoma given evidence of prior trauma in the left frontal lobe and left globe prosthesis. However subacute hematoma vs. hemorrhagic or calcified neoplasm could have a similar appearance. Advise unenhanced CT to evaluate for chronicity of blood products/mineralization. Contrast enhanced MR also may be helpful to assess for enhancement. 3. Mild probable sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.