Diseases: ['infarction', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There is an area of restricted diffusion and corresponding low signal on ADC maps in the posterior left frontal and temporal lobes distant with posterior division left middle cerebral artery distribution infarction. This area has subtle increased signal on flair images suggesting it is subacute. No susceptibility and gradient echocardiogram images to suggest hemorrhage. There is a round enhancing mass centered in the left cerebropontine angle which measures 3 CM in greatest diameter. This mass has a broad dural base. The mass grows along the inferior and superior margins of the tentorium cerebelli.There is mass effect upon the middle cerebellar peduncle pons and midbrain from left to right. The mass is just superior to the cisternal portions of the left seventh and eighth cranial nerves. There is mild superior to inferior mass effect on these nerves. These findings are consistent with a meningioma. Subtle areas of subcortical and periventricular T2 hyperintensity consistent with small vessel ischemic changes. There is mild cortical volume loss which is age-appropriate. Trace mucosal thickening of the right axillary sinus moderate mucosal thickening of the right sphenoid sinus trace scattered mucosal thickening of the ethmoid air cells and moderate scattered opacification of the right mastoid air cells. The ocular globes and lenses are normal. The remainder of the paranasal sinuses and left mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left posterior division middle cerebral artery distribution infarction. No evidence for hemorrhagic transformation. 2. 3 cm left cerebral Pontine angle meningioma. Results were discussed with Dr. Sanborn during interpretation. Attending note: Agree. In addition however there are two areas of abnormal signal in the medial left occipital lobe best seen on in image 51 series 5. These are too small to characterize on ADC map although I do not have the impression that there is any shine through in this region to suggest these are of a different age. Based on the history and the appearance on these images I think these are acute infarcts. The fact that there are two areas involved one in the MCA territory and one in the PCA territory suggests the possibility of a cardiac embolic source. A carotid bifurcation source might be considered if the patient has a fetal origin of the PCA but based on the T2 weighted imaging I am not at all confident that that is the anatomic configuration in this patient.