Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There is an area of restricted diffusion in the left pons demonstrating flair signal abnormality likely representing a subacute stroke in the distribution of the brain stem perforators arising from the basilar artery. Another small focus of encephalomalacia is seen in the right pons likely representing an old infarction. A small focus of restricted diffusion is also noted in the left periatrial region in associate enhancement likely reflecting subacute lacunar infarction (image 16 and 17 series 33; image 80 series 21). There is an area of encephalomalacia in the right posterior cerebral artery distribution involving the medial right occipital and parietal lobes. Linear areas of T1 shortening at the margins of encephalomalacia likely are present laminar necrosis. Small focus of encephalomalacia also noted within the left parietal/occipital lobe compatible with prior lacunar infarction. Multiple foci of susceptibility involving the bilateral thalami and the basal ganglia likely represent prior hemorrhage and/or calcifications. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There are confluent areas of T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter in bilateral cerebral hemispheres nonspecific findings likely representing changes of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Bilateral orbits are unremarkable. Mucosal thickening involving the bilateral maxillary left frontal sphenoid sinuses and the bilateral ethmoidal air cells is seen. Mastoid air cells are clear. There are focal areas of mild to moderate stenosis in the intracranial left internal carotid artery in the proximal and distal cavernous ICA. Mild to moderate narrowing of the supraclinoid left ICA is also seen. On the right side there is mild narrowing of the supraclinoid ICA. In addition there is a approximately 2 mm area of outpouching in the periophthalmic segment of the right ICA which may represent a small aneurysm. Another small approximately 2 mm area of outpouching is seen at the right ICA terminus/proximal A1 segment of the right ACA which may represent a small aneurysm. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. The left A1 segment is slightly hypoplastic an anatomic variant. Bilateral M1 segments of the MCAs are unremarkable. Bilateral intracranial vertebral arteries basilar and the proximal posterior cerebral arteries are unremarkable. In the neck there is a moderate grade stenosis at the origin of the right internal carotid artery from the carotid bifurcation. The left carotid bifurcation is unremarkable. The bilateral common carotid and internal carotid arteries are unremarkable. The originati right vertebral artery is patent. The left vertebral origin is tortuous and is not adequately visualized.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple areas of chronic to subacute ischemia involving the vertebrobasilar circulation as above. The foci of ischemia in the left pons and left periatrial white matter appear to be subacute. The areas of encephalomalacia involving the right parietal/occipital left occipital and the right pons appear to be chronic. 2. Multiple foci of susceptibility involving the bilateral thalami and the basal ganglia likely representing prior hemorrhage and/or calcifications. 3. Confluent areas of T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter in bilateral cerebral hemispheres nonspecific findings likely representing changes of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. 4. Multi-focal areas of moderate grade stenosis involving the cavernous and supraclinoid left ICA likely atherosclerotic Moderate grade stenosis involving the origin of the right internal carotid artery at the carotid bifurcation. See comment. 5. Small approximately 2 mm focal outpouchings in the periophthalmic ICA in the ICA terminus may represent small aneurysms. Alternatively these could also represent atherosclerotic irregularity. A CT or diagnostic cerebral angiogram is suggested for further evaluation.