Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical change consistent with prior right craniotomy with slight interval decrease in size of extra-axial collection underlying the craniotomy site. Interval decrease in subgaleal fluid collection and soft tissue swelling along the right scalp. Expected postoperative changes in the right temporal lobe with interval decrease in restricted diffusion noted within the surgical bed representing evolving blood products. There has been interval resolution of right to left midline shift. Interval development of 2 peripherally enhancing foci in the right temporal lobe and measuring 0.9 x 0.8 cm (series 8 image 89) and 1.2 x 1.1 cm (series 8 image 82). Slight interval decrease in FLAIR hyperintensity adjacent to the surgical bed extending to the right basal ganglia and right occipital lobe representing residual infiltrating glial tumor. Scattered foci of FLAIR hyperintensity in the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter representing sequela of small vessel ischemic change. Stable appearance of signal abnormality in the inferior left frontal lobe involving the gray and white matter. No evidence of acute transcortical infarction or acute intracranial hemorrhage. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are symmetric and age-appropriate in size. Mastoid air cells and paranasal sinuses are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post right craniotomy with interval decrease in extra-axial collection and subgaleal fluid collection. 2. Interval development of 2 peripheral enhancing foci in the right temporal lobe concerning for recurrent glioblastoma. 3. Slight interval decrease in FLAIR hyperintensity adjacent to the surgical bed extending to the right basal ganglia and right occipital lobe representing residual infiltrating glial tumor. 4. Stable appearance of signal abnormality in the inferior left frontal lobe involving the gray and white matter. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.