Diseases: ['migraine']
FINDINGS:

There are nonenhancing confluent areas of increased T2 and FLAIR signal intensity in the deep white matter adjacent to the atria of the lateral ventricles. There are also several punctate foci of increased T2 and FLAIR signal intensity in centrum semiovale bilaterally. They have bilateral frontal lobe predominance. These are not positioned in the expected location of the optic radiations. They most likely represent changes secondary to chronic small vessel ischemia or can also be seen in patients with migraine. There is a nonenhancing area of increased T2 and FLAIR signal intensity in the corona radiata into right frontal lobe (series 4 image 22). A developmental venous anomaly crosses through this area of abnormal signal. This change in signal can be due to steal phenomenon secondary to developmental venous anomaly or may just represent sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia as seen elsewhere in the white matter. There is no mass effect or effacement of the adjacent sulci. There is no restricted diffusion in the brain. No mass lesions. There is no abnormal enhancement. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and position. No extraaxial collection. The intracranial flow voids are normal. The calvarium is normal. The orbits are normal. The paranasal sinuses are normal. There is an 8 mm subcutaneous nonenhancing nodule in the scalp over the occipital bone (series 9 image 8) most likely consistent with a sebaceous cyst.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarction acute intra-or extra-axial hemorrhage or enhancing mass lesions are identified. 2. Multiple nonenhancing areas of T2 and FLAIR hyperintensity in bilateral cerebral white matter likely sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. However similar changes have also been described in patients of migraine. 3. Developmental venous anomaly in the right frontal lobe. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.