Diseases: ['infarction', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

There is T2 bright region of restricted diffusion in the medial right occipital lobe with gyriform enhancement on postcontrast images which represents subacute infarct. However there is a newly appreciated of a focus of restricted diffusion in the medial right cerebellar hemisphere that likely represents infarction. Given that this focus does not enhance it cannot be reliably determined whether or not this focus occurred at the time of the aforementioned subacute infarction. There are multiple foci of T2 hyperintensity in the periventricular white matter likely representing small vessel ischemic disease. There is a focal T2 bright T1 dark focus in the right lentiform nucleus representing old lacunar infarct. There is a sharply demarcated faintly enhancing 18 mm x 20 mm mass in the right parotid gland which demonstrates restricted diffusion centrally. No focal brain parenchymal abnormalities extra-axial fluid collections or mass effect. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are symmetric and patent. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus. Pituitary fossa and orbits are unremarkable No abnormal enhancement in the brain or its coverings.
IMPRESSION:

1. Subacute infarct in the right medial occipital lobe. 2. Focus of restricted diffusion in the medial right cerebellar hemisphere that likely represents a second area of infarction. Given that this focus does not enhance but shows restricted diffusion it cannot be reliably determined whether or not this focus occurred at the time of the aforementioned medial occipital lobe subacute infarction or is more acute. 3. Sharply demarcated faintly enhancing 18 mm x 20 mm mass in the right parotid gland which demonstrates restricted diffusion centrally. While these characteristics in an 80-year-old patient suggest a Wharthin's tumor the histology of a parotid lesion cannot be reliably determined based on MR features alone. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation