Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Comparison made to MR and MRA dated 1/18/2010. Correlation made to head CT performed earlier the same day. No evidence of restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are normal in size for patient's stated age minimally prominent overall. Stable periventricular and deep white matter T2 and FLAIR hyperintensity as well as in the pons and midbrain likely reflects small vessel ischemic change. Again noted is a partially empty sella. There is no evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. No mass effect midline shift or extra-axial collection. No abnormal intracranial enhancement. Mucosal thickening is noted in the right sphenoid sinus. Opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells is present. MRA circle of Willis was performed. There is a stable 3 mm aneurysm of the right PCOM at the level of its junction with the right internal carotid artery. MRA is otherwise unremarkable except for anatomic variant such as hypoplasia of the right A1 segment fetal origin of the right posterior cerebral artery and dominant left vertebral artery. No significant change from prior.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute infarction. 2. Stable 3 mm right PCOM aneurysm. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: On the gradient echo images there is a tiny focus of susceptibility at the pontomedullary junction (series 5 image 7). This has appeared since the prior exam although a focus right medial medulla more inferiorly is no longer appreciated as compared to prior. Similar foci are seen in the bilateral thalamus with one appearing medially on the right since prior. Symmetric hyperintensity in the thalamus on long-TR images is stable though nonspecific. These findings could represent evolution of microbleeds and chronic small vessel ischemic changes. However no acute findings findings are otherwise as detailed above. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.