Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Images mildly motion degraded especially the MR angiography images. MRI brain: No restricted diffusion in the brain to suggest acute infarction. No acute hemorrhage no mass effect or midline shift. No hydrocephalus or effacement of basal cisterns. Following contrast administration no pathologic parenchymal/ meningeal enhancement. Susceptibility artifact related to prior left ICA aneurysm coiling. Cavum septum pellucidum et vergae. Visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoids appear well pneumatized. MRA: Patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. No regions of sizable aneurysm formation. Slightly attenuated flow related enhancement in the left supraclinoid internal carotid artery likely due to signal loss from stent-assisted coiling of left internal carotid artery aneurysm. No convincing evidence of recurrent filling of the aneurysm. The basilar artery is fenestrated. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. Comparing with the MRA study from April 12 2012 moderate segment irregularity of the mid cervical left internal carotid artery which is consistent with chronic dissection (images 75-84 of series 4) with good flow related enhancement more distally. Stable focal dilatation of the distal cervical right internal carotid artery (see image 2 of series 20) which may also be related to prior dissection. Stable focal irregularity of the proximal V2 segment of the left vertebral artery (image 49 series 4) likely due to prior dissection. Subtle beaded appearance of the distal cervical vasculature was better appreciated on prior conventional angiography and are consistent with fibromuscular dysplasia.
IMPRESSION:

1. No interval acute intracranial findings. 2. Stable findings of fibromuscular dysplasia and non flow limiting chronic appearing dissections in bilateral internal carotid arteries and left vertebral artery see above discussion for details. 3. Stable status post stent assisted coiling of left ICA aneurysm without convincing residual filling. Please note conventional catheter angiography has higher sensitivity for assessment of some of these findings.