Diseases: ['amyloid']
FINDINGS:

The study is motion degraded. There is global parenchymal volume loss. There are numerous focal and confluent areas of hyperintense T2 signal within the subcortical periventricular and deep white matter nonspecific but likely related to small vessel ischemic white matter disease. No restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. There are numerous small foci of susceptibility on the gradient echo sequences within both cerebral hemispheres in a peripheral distribution temporal occipital and parietal lobes to a greater extent then frontal lobe. There is no extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is no definite pathologic enhancement. The intracranial internal carotid arteries are patent bilaterally. There is narrowing of the right cavernous segment which may be due to atherosclerosis though decreased caliber could be related to anatomic variation with hypoplastic right A1 segment. The A1 and M1 segments are patent bilaterally. The vertebrobasilar system is tortuous but patent. No definite aneurysm although there is a 6 mm focus of hyperintense signal on the brain MRA images (image 55 series 15). It is uncertain whether this is a real finding such as an aneurysm given the tortuosity of the vertebrobasilar system in this region and the associated significant motion artifact. Axial T1-weighted images with fat saturation in the neck are markedly degraded by motion and not useful. There is patency of the bilateral cervical vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Chronic ischemic white matter disease. No evidence of acute infarction. 2. Numerous foci of susceptibility suggesting microhemorrhages in both cerebral hemispheres. This pattern is most consistent with amyloid angiopathy. 3. Patency of the neck and head vasculature as above. A 6 mm hyperintense focus adjacent to the right vertebral artery on the brain MRA images may be artifactual from motion. FINAL ATTENDING