Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

No interval focus of restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. No abnormal susceptibility. No significant interval change is appreciated in the size and morphology of the avidly enhancing extra-axial mass posterior to the right petrous bone on image #10 of series 8 and image #13 of series 9 which measures approximately 10 x 9 x 8 mm. Suggestion of associated dural tails. Suggestion of minimal adjacent mass effect on right cerebellar hemisphere inferiorly without adjacent edema.This mass has significantly increased in size as compared to the 2006 MRI scan but it is relatively unchanged since March 1 2013 MRI scan and is favored to represent slow growing indolent neoplasm. Previously described FLAIR hyperintense signal within the pre-pontine/premedullary cisterns perhaps artifactual. No midline shift or hydrocephalus. Unchanged configuration of the ventricles. A few scattered areas of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity in bilateral cerebral white matter are nonspecific. Mild brain volume loss. Small linear new cortical versus leptomeningeal/adjacent cortical postcontrast FLAIR hyperintensity noted adjacent to precentral gyrus with no definite suspicious enhancement is less conspicuous from before. No associated vasogenic edema or obvious mass effect. Small polyp/retention cyst in the left maxillary sinus. Rest of the visualized paranasal sinuses show evidence of mild mucosal disease. Mastoids appear well pneumatized. Right frontal left parietal scalp nodules unchanged.
IMPRESSION:

1. No interval acute intracranial findings. No new enhancing mass lesions. 2. Grossly unchanged size of approximately 1 cm extraaxial mass posterior to right petrous bone with adjacent dural tails. Given its overall indolent nature/ MR appearance meningioma is favored over dural based metastases. 3. Foci of postcontrast cortical/ leptomeningeal FLAIR hyperintensity adjacent to left precentral gyrus and left superior occipital region appears less conspicuous on the current study. Ongoing attention to this focus recommended on follow up scans. Additional findings/details see above discussion.