Diseases: ['infarction', 'infarction', 'infarction', 'thrombosis', 'hydrocephalus', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple areas of restricted diffusion and regions of abnormal T2 signal throughout the brain parenchyma supplied by the posterior circulation bilaterally representing acute/subacute infarction. The largest is a 45 x 39 mm wedge-shaped focus of restricted diffusion in the right cerebellar hemisphere that includes portions of the superior middle and inferior cerebellum. Additionally there is an area of multiple clustered subcentimeter foci of restricted diffusion in the left superior cerebellar hemisphere (for example images 75-76 of series 8) small regions of restricted within the midpons bilaterally (75/8)  and within the left occipital lobe (75-76/8). There is subtle blush of contrast seen in the dominant right cerebellar infarct (as visualized on coronal series image 28). There is mild mass effect on the right side of the 4th ventricle with no evidence of hydrocephalus. There are punctate foci of susceptibility within the right cerebellar infarct likely representing petechial hemorrhage. No space-occupying hematoma. No extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. MRA head and neck: The vertebral arteries are markedly tortuous bilaterally. There is near complete occlusion of the proximal right vertebral artery just beyond its takeoff from the right subclavian artery (less than 2 cm beyond the takeoff). There is distal reconstitution just below the basilar artery with diminutive flow in the patent portions. The right posterior inferior cerebellar artery right anterior inferior cerebellar artery and superior cerebellar artery are not visualized. The left vertebral artery is patent. The left PICA and left superior cerebral artery are well visualized and may be slightly diminished in size but are otherwise unremarkable. There is nonvisualization of the left posterior communicating artery likely congenitally absent. The right posterior communicating artery is diminutive in size. The circle of Willis is otherwise unremarkable. The extracranial carotid arteries are mildly irregular in contour predominantly at the common carotid bifurcation bilaterally most likely due to multifocal atherosclerosis. There is no stenosis of the proximal internal carotid arteries by NASCET criteria. There is mild paranasal sinus disease. The paranasal sinuses orbits and orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multifocal acute/subacute infarction of the cerebellum bilaterally pons bilaterally and left occipital lobe as described above. The largest infarct involves a large portion of the superior middle and inferior right cerebellar hemisphere. The presence of bilateral infarction as well as the pattern of multiple clustered areas of infarction in the left cerebellum is suggestive of an embolic event; correlate with history of atrial fibrillation and atrial thrombosis. There is mild mass effect on the 4th ventricle without evidence of hydrocephalus. Petechial hemorrhage within the right cerebellar infarct. 2. Occlusion of the right vertebral artery just beyond its takeoff from the right subclavian artery with minimal distal reconstitution. Nonvisualization of the right PICA and AICA. 3. Hypoplastic bilateral posterior communicating arteries possibly exacerbating patient's acute infarction.