Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

MRI: There is a large area of flair/T2 hyperintensity and restricted diffusion in the right posterior frontal-parietal temporal lobe and insular cortex consistent with posterior right MCA distribution infarction. There is associated local mass effect and swelling with partial compression of the posterior right lateral ventricle. No midline shift. There additional punctate foci of T2 prolongation and restricted diffusion in the left frontal lobe right frontal lobe right occipital lobe and right occipito-temporal region. This suggests an proximal embolic source such as cardiac. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or extra-axial fluid collection. There is an area of encephalomalacia in the left frontal-insular region with associated susceptiblity and some linear areas of pre-T1 shortening possibly mineralization or from suscepibility possibly postsurgical in nature. Following contrast administration there is a linear enhancement within the sulci adjacent to the right posterior MCA territory infarction. There is associated increased signal on the flair images in these sulci as well. This likely represents venous congestion due to localized mass effect and compression of the sulci. There is suggestion of some patchy enhancement which may be parenchymal at the posterior aspect of the this infarction. No definite additional areas of abnormal enhancement. Please note that the enhanced T1-weighted images are motion degraded. The visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. MRA: The common carotid arteries common carotid bifurcations and cervical internal carotid arteries are patent bilaterally. The cervical vertebral arteries are patent bilaterally. No evidence of hemodynamically significant stenosis or dissection. The intracranial internal carotid arteries A1 and M1 segments are patent bilaterally. The left M1 segment and proximal branches are patent. The right M1 segment is patent with visualization of anterior branches however there is a paucity of posterior branches. There is no visualized aneurysm. Please note that MRA is less sensitive for aneurysms smaller than 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Right posterior MCA territory infarction acute or early subacute in nature. Other additional punctate infarctions in the bilateral frontal lobes right occipital lobe and right occipito-temporal region. This suggests proximal embolic source such as cardiac. 2. Encephalomacia in the left frontal-insular region. Findings discussed with and acknowledge by Dr. Quinn at 2:40 PM on 1/25/2009 by phone.