Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

Patient status post suboccipital craniectomy. Redemonstrated is a subacute appearing left posterior intercerebral artery infarct involving the inferomedial aspect of left cerebral hemisphere as well as the dorsal aspect of the left medulla. There is nonspecific adjacent leptomeningeal and pachymeningeal enhancement. There is mild extension of the posterior cerebellum into the suboccipital defect; there is no significant mass effect on the medulla. The cisterna magna and pre-pontine/premedullary cisterns appear patent. Small amount of adjacent extra-axial blood products are present. There are scattered foci of susceptibility within the left cerebral hemisphere predominantly the within the folia as well as a few scattered foci which appear intraparenchymal which may represent a combination of subarachnoid blood and/or partial hemorrhagic transformation of a cerebral infarct. Innumerable T2/FLAIR hyperintensities scattered within a subcortical deep and periventricular white matter with a few scattered FLAIR hyperintensities noted within the left thalamus and left basal ganglia. There are no new regions of diffusion restriction. Basilar dolichoectasia otherwise the imaged intracranial vascular flow voids are otherwise within normal limits. There is no ventriculomegaly. Mild generalized cortical volume loss. Nonspecific foci of susceptibility are noted within the left basal ganglia and right thalamus which may represent sequela of prior hypertensive infarct. Bilateral mastoid fluid is noted. Maxillary and ethmoidal mucosal changes. Orbits and imaged calvarium have an unremarkable MR appearance.
IMPRESSION:

1. Subacute left posterior intercerebral artery infarction (involving left posterior inferior cerebellum and left dorsal medulla) status post suboccipital craniectomy. No significant mass-effect on the adjacent medulla or pons. 2. Nonspecific scattered T2/FLAIR hyperintensities as above which is nonspecific for inflammatory infectious or vasculopathy involving the white matter. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.