Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

MRI Brain: There is diffuse volume loss. T2 hyperintense lesions within the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter nonspecific but may be related to small vessel ischemia. There are bilateral areas of increased signal within the thalami best seen on DWI images. This is possibly seen on T2 images as well. There are no areas of abnormal enhancement. The visualized paranasal are normal. There has been lens surgery on the right. The calvarium is normal in marrow signal. Cervical spine: The vertebral bodies are normal in height and signal intensity. There is minimal retrolisthesis of C3 on C4. Intervertebral discs are normal in height. There is diffuse volume loss in the cord. The spinal cord is normal in signal intensity. The paraspinal soft tissues are normal. The cerebellar tonsils are normal in position. No abnormal enhancement. At C2-3 there is no significant disc herniation canal stenosis or neural foraminal narrowing. The facet joints are normal. At C3-4 there is mild uncovertebral facet hypertrophy. There is mild posterior disk osteophyte complex. No significant canal stenosis or neural foraminal narrowing. At C4-5 there is uncovertebral facet hypertrophy. There is mild posterior disk osteophyte complex. No significant canal stenosis. Moderate left neural foraminal narrowing. At C5-6 there is uncovertebral facet hypertrophy with mild left and moderate right neural foraminal narrowing. At C6-7 there is no significant disc herniation canal stenosis or neural foraminal narrowing. The facet joints are normal. At C7-T1 there is no significant disc herniation canal stenosis or neural foraminal narrowing. The facet joints are normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Diffuse cerebral volume loss 2. Bilateral increased signal within the thalami best seen on DWI images. Differential diagnosis includes viral encephalitis or Wernicke's encephalopathy. Less likely this could represent variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease. Clinical correlation advised. 3. T2 hyperintense lesions within the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter nonspecific but may be related to small vessel ischemia. 4. Diffuse volume loss in the cervical spinal cord. No abnormal signal intensity within the cord. No evidence of cord compression. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.