Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

There is expansile infiltrative mass in the left cerebellar hemisphere extending to the vermis and medial aspect of the right cerebellar hemisphere. It also extends into the left brachium pontis pons and left pontomesencephalic junction and left midbrain. There is also increased signal in the left inferior cerebellar peduncle. There is no enhancement within the mass. In the anterior aspect of the left cerebellar hemisphere there are areas suspicious for restricted diffusion (series 7 image 10). However the rest of the mass demonstrates facilitated diffusion. Perfusion imaging demonstrates decreased relative cerebral blood volume compared to contralateral cerebellar hemisphere. MR spectroscopy demonstrates some areas of low choline and increased lipid/lactate. There is crowding at the foramen magnum left greater than right without tonsillar herniation. There is status post right frontal approach EVD catheter placement changes with the tip near the right foramen of Monro. There is FLAIR hyperintensity in the periventricular white matter possibly representing transependymal CSF flow. No extraaxial collection. The intracranial flow voids are normal. The calvarium is normal. The orbits are normal. There is fluid in the oropharynx and left mastoid air cells likely secondary to intubation. Mild mucosal thickening is noted in the right paranasal sinuses.. Endotracheal tube and orogastric tube is noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Nonenhancing expansile mass in the left cerebellum extending to brainstem as detailed above with decreased relative cerebral blood volume. Differential diagnoses include lymphoma low grade glioma Lhermitte-Duclos disease. Predominant facilitated diffusion and low attenuation on CT scan argues against lymphoma. Patient's age makes low grade glioma very atypical. Lack of corduroy/ striated appearance is atypical for Lhermitte-Duclos disease. However low choline and increased lipid/lactate is in favor of that. 2. Status post right frontal approach EVD catheter placement changes. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.