Diseases: ['meningioma', 'lipoma', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

At the C7/T1 level there is a focal 6 by 8 millimeter (transverse) by 13 mm (superior-inferior) intradural extra medullary mass which may have a dural base and it located dorsal and left of cervical cord less likely origin in the dorsal left cord with exophytic component. It has a dark rim on the gradient echo sequence and distorts the dorsal lateral aspect of the cord but there is still CSF around the cord at this level and it does not frankly compress it. The lesion is bright on T1 and T2-weighted sequences. No convincing intrinsic cord signal abnormality. Degenerative changes are noted which are worst at C5/6 and C6/7. Signal intensity of the bone marrow is within normal limits. Specific findings by level are as follows: C2/3 and C3/4: No significant compromise canal or neural foramina. C4/5: Minimal narrowing of the disc mild uncovertebral joint hypertrophy and facet arthrosis right more than left no significant foraminal narrowing. C5/6: Mild-to-moderate narrowing of the disc moderate on curricula joint hypertrophy and mild foraminal narrowing bilaterally. At this level there is focal disc protrusion just right of midline which touches the anterior aspect of the cord and very slightly deforms it most canal narrowing but still CSF signal around most of the cord. C6/7: Minimal narrowing of the disc and posterior disc-osteophyte complex and moderate uncovertebral joint hypertrophy with mild canal narrowing. There is minimal encephalomalacia and cortical hyperintensity on T1 and T2-weighted images right occipital lobe better seen on comparison imaging studies.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small intradural mass either extramedullary or originating from the spinal cord and exophytic at the level of C7/T1 dorsal and left with minimal impingement on the cord but no frank compression. Imaging characteristics are atypical bright on T1 and T2-weighted images with dark rim on gradient echo images possibly calcified meningioma or neurenteric cyst lipoma is another consideration doubt cavernoma or atypical synovial cyst. Follow up imaging could be obtained to further evaluate this lesion CT could be considered to evaluate for degree of calcification and if this does not answer question additional MR imaging could be performed to include higher resolution T2-weighted imaging precontrast and postcontrast fat saturated T1-weighted imaging. No convincing myelopathy is appreciated in the cervical cord. Discussed with housestaff caring for patient 12/14/2009. 2. Degenerative changes worst at C5/6 and C6/7 levels as detailed above including focal disc protrusion at C5/6 with minimal impression on cord anteriorly. 3. Small region of encephalomalacia and probable laminar necrosis right occipital lobe as described previously suspect old ischemic injury or trauma.