Diseases: ['lipoma', 'migraine']
FINDINGS:

There is a 6 mm lesion within the inferior left cerebellum with heterogeneous T2 hyperintense center and complete rim of T2 dark hemosiderin marked associated susceptibility and mild enhancement. There is no associated parenchymal edema. No evidence of mass effect. Is most consistent with cavernous formation. There is small associated left cerebellar developmental venous anomaly. Incidentally noted is T1 hyperintense linear lesion along the splenium of the corpus callosum most consistent with intracranial midline pericallosal lipoma. There are multiple foci of FLAIR hyperintensity in the subcortical deep and paravertebral white matter nonspecific. In the left posterior frontal lobe there is a lobular T1 hypointense T2 hyperintense and nonenhancing lobular lesion most consistent with clustered perivascular spaces. In addition there are prominent perivascular spaces along the left corona radiata adjacent to that. There is no restricted diffusion in the brain. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and position. The extraaxial spaces are normal without evidence of mass or blood. The intracranial flow voids show prominence of the right supraclinoid carotid artery however assessment of aneurysm cannot be done with this technique. The calvarial bone marrow is mildly heterogeneous nonspecific finding which may be seen in hematologic and/or marrow infiltrative disorders including anemia. Minimal mucosal thickening along the ethmoid air cells. There are artifacts obscuring the anterior margins of the orbits related to mascara however otherwise the orbits are normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2. Left cerebellar 6 mm lesion most consistent with cavernoma. 3. Pericallosal lipoma along the splenium of the corpus callosum incidentally noted. 4. Scattered foci of FLAIR signal abnormality involving the periventricular and subcortical white matter are non-specific. Differential considerations are broad and include accelerated small vessel ischemic change vasculitis/vasculopathies demyelination migraine headaches Lyme disease and the residua from prior inflammatory and traumatic insults to the brain. Clinically correlate. 5. Heterogeneity of the calvarium as detailed above clinically correlate.