Diseases: ['lipoma', 'lipoma', 'lipoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a 8.9 (AP) by 3.3 (TR) by 6.4 (CC) ovoid lesion in the anterior falx with signal characteristic consistent with fat. There are large flow voids within the lesion with a prominent vein draining into deep venous system. The lesion causes mass effect on bilateral frontal lobes with associated mild flair hyperintensity. There is peripheral loss of signal bilaterally consistent with calcification seen on the CT. In addition a 3.3 cm x 0.7 cm tubular structure extends from the right ventricular atrium towards the left lateral ventricle likely anchoring to the posterior falx. There is agenesis of the corpus callosum with associated colpocephaly. Multiple bilateral nonspecific foci of T2/flair hyperintensity noted in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter most consistent with small vessel ischemic disease. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage acute ischemia extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. There is prominence of the ventricles and subarachnoid spaces consistent with parenchymal volume loss. There is mild circumferential mucosal thickening throughout paranasal sinuses without evidence of air-fluid levels. There frontal sinuses are not pneumatized. The mastoid air cells are clear bilaterally.
IMPRESSION:

1. Callosal agenesis associated with a large anterior falx lipoma with peripheral calcifications and prominent central vascularity with possible enlarged draining vein emptying into the deep venous system. This is concerning for associated arteriovenous malformation. Correlation with diagnostic angiography is recommended. 2. A small tubular lipoma is also seen attached to the posterior falx and extending into the lateral ventricles. 3. Nonspecific bilateral white matter changes likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. 4. No evidence of focal cerebellar pathology. 5. No evidence of infection however CSF sampling is more sensitive for infection of central nervous system. The findings were discussed with Dr. Choi at 12:35 am. ATTENDING INTERPRETATION: Agree with the preliminary report. The anterior cerebral arteries course through the lipoma however there are several enlarged vessels with a possible draining vein. Further evaluation with MRA or CTA is warranted as clinically indicated.I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.