Diseases: ['lipoma']
FINDINGS:

Evaluation of the aerodigestive tract shows no focal abnormality enhancement mass or mass effect. There is no cervical adenopathy the imaging criteria. Vocal cord paralysis is not appreciated. In the subglottic larynx/lateral cricoid cartilage there is an 7-mm nonenhancing focus following the fat on all all sequences flattening the left wall of the trachea this could represent a lipoma focal fat in the cricoid cartilage (see image 22 of series 11 and image 20 of series 12). This was present in 2005 and can be correlated for possible prior left vocal fold augmentation with injected material. The posterior left maxillary alveolus show expansile appearance around the molar roots which has progressed since 2005 exam probably reflecting odontogenic cyst and the gum soft tissue and teeth should be clinically assessed for gum lesion. Subcentimeter left thyroid nodule is seen. There is fatty replacement of the left parotid gland and anterior aspect of the right superficial parotid gland. Question Sjogren's or other inflammatory etiology. The submandibular glands are normal in appearance. Degenerative changes are incidentally noted in the cervical spine greatest at C6 at 7 with bilateral neural foraminal narrowing at C5-C6 and C6-C7. There is no focal osseous lesion.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute intracranial abnormality. Unchanged white matter signal abnormality most likely related to chronic small vessel ischemia. 2. Subcentimeter submucosal lesion in the left subglottic larynx/lateral cricoid cartilage minimally deforming the lateral wall of the subglottis as above. This could represent a lipoma focal fat in the cricoid cartilage and can be correlated for possible prior left vocal fold augmentation with injected material. CT may be of value 3. The posterior left maxillary alveolus show expansile appearance around the molar roots which has progressed since 2005 exam probably reflecting odontogenic cyst and the gum soft tissue and teeth should be clinically assessed for gum lesion. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.