Diseases: ['schwannoma', 'infarction', 'infarction', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Some images are motion degraded. Encephalomalacic changes present in the right caudate head and basal ganglia. There are punctate foci of abnormal T2 and flair signal abnormality within the subcortical and deep white matter which are nonspecific. There is questionable linear flair signal abnormality within the left superior frontal sulcus but this is not definite. There is a focus of nodular enhancement in the right internal auditory canal. Faint enhancement is also present within the area of right-sided encephalomalacia likely secondary to chronic ischemic change. There is a punctate focus of increased signal on the diffusion weighted images in the right cerebellum which is likely artifactual; and another focus of increased signal on diffusion weighted imaging in the area of encephalomalacia is likely secondary to mineralization. There is mucosal thickening in the sphenoid sinus unchanged. Remaining paranasal sinuses are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Nonspecific flair signal abnormality within the subcortical and deep white matter and possibly within the left superior frontal sulcus. Focal nodular enhancement right internal auditory canal. Collectively these findings could represent sequela of Lyme disease. Alternatively the punctate foci of abnormal signal within the cortex could be secondary to small vessel ischemic disease with an incidental right acoustic schwannoma. Correlation is recommended. Attending note: There is no clear evidence of abnormal leptomeningeal enhancement. However there is a small focus of intrinsic T1 shortening not enhancement in the right basal ganglia near an old lacunar infarction. This is associated with mild local T2 prolongation and punctate diffusion restriction. These findings indicate blood products most likely in association with subacute infarction. There are also chronic blood products in the vicinity so a vascular anomaly such as a cavernoma cannot be excluded but is considered less likely. CT may be useful for assessing evolution over the next few days. Otherwise in the setting of esophageal cancer a follow-up MRI is recommended in 2-4 weeks to exclude a progressive hemorrhagic metastasis.