Diseases: ['lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

There is exaggeration of the upper cervical lordosis with 4-mm C4 on C5 anterolisthesis. Vertebral body heights are maintained. There is well-demarcated marrow replacement in the dens with surrounding soft tissue. There is mild disk height loss at C4-5 and C5-6. There is normal cord signal. Paravertebral soft tissues are within normal limits. There is mild fluid in the right maxillary and sphenoid sinuses as well as the mastoid air cells. At C2-3 there is no posterior disk contour abnormality central canal or neural foraminal narrowing. At C3-4 there is a small disk osteophyte complex with mild to moderate bilateral facet hypertrophy without central canal or right neural foraminal narrowing. There is mild left neural foraminal narrowing. At C4-5 there is a psedo-bulge secondary to anterolisthesis with mild bilateral facet hypertrophy and uncovertebral spurring without central canal or neural foramen narrowing. At C5-6 there is a small posterior disk osteophyte complex with bilateral uncovertebral spurring with moderate left and mild right neural foraminal narrowing. Central canal is patent. At C6-7 there is mild right and moderate left uncovertebral spurring with mild left neural foraminal narrowing without posterior disk contour abnormality. Central canal and right neural foramen appear patent. At C7-T1 there is no posterior disk contour abnormality central canal or neural foraminal narrowing.
IMPRESSION:

1. New bone marrow replacement of the dens with possible soft tissue component which may represent pannus suggestive of underlying metastatic disease or infiltrative processes such as lymphoma or myeloma. Inflammatory pannus in the setting of inflammatory arthropathy is possible but thought much less likely. If there is a history of trauma a radiographically occult fracture could also be considered especially if there is a history of recent trauma. A dedicated CT of the cervical spine may be useful for further evaluation of this lesion. 2. Mild inflammatory changes in the right paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells. 3. Multilevel degenerative disk disease facet and uncovertebral degeneration as described with mild C4 on C5 anterolisthesis.