Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'infarction', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

There is abnormal enhancing tissue with abnormal signal T2 prolongation that extends from the suprasellar region/optic chiasm superiorly to it hypothalamus lamina terminalis anterior commissure periatrial regions of the third ventricle and to level of foramina of Monroe. The abnormal enhancing/expanded tissue has associated restricted diffusion reflecting hypercellularity. These findings are compatible with CNS lymphoma and similar when compared to recent MRI from 5/15/2008 except for postsurgical changes (see below). Note is however made of increasing signal abnormality on T2-weighted images along optic tracts which may represent increasing edema nonenhancing. There are some punctate areas of restricted diffusion along the body of the corpus callosum compatible with subacute infarcts which are better visualized on the current exam though these may reflect blood products related to recent surgery. There is continued evolution of a subacute infarct in the left thalamus. Blood products are present beneath the right frontal craniotomy defect related to the transcallosal brain biopsy approach. Stable right medial frontal lobe and/or callosal parenchymal blood when compared to recent CT examination. There is susceptibility effect associated the intraventricular portions of the lesions at the level of the foramina of Monroe and left anterior temporal horn at least some of which is related to pneumocephalus and there is blood in occipital horns. There is a small subdural hematoma layering along the right leaflet of the tentorium cerebelli. There are left greater than right extra-axial collections which are similar to 5/22/2008 CT but have increased since 5/15/2008. There is some intraventricular gas in the left temporal horn. Increasing fluid in mastoid air cells minimal degree. There is stable moderate T2/flair hyperintensity in the periventricular and subcortical regions. This is more prominent in the right frontal subcortical region than the left. This likely represents a combination of treatment related changes and small vessel ischemic disease.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable findings of enhancing CNS lymphoma centered in chiasmatic/hypothalamic region when compared to recent MR from 5/15/08 except for postsurgical changes as detailed above. There is increasing signal abnormality suggestive of edema along optic tracts bilaterally compared to prior study. 2. Continued evolution of subacute infarction in the left thalamus. 3. Post operative changes related to a right frontal lobe brain biopsy are noted. 4. There is a small subdural hematoma layering along the right leaflet of the tentorium cerebelli and left greater than right extraaxial collections over convexities which are similar in size to 5/22/2008 CT.