Diseases: ['lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

Evaluation of the brain reveals symmetric ventricles and CSF spaces. Bone marrow appears abnormal especially with regard to occiput and clivus where there is decreased intensity on T1-weighted images and minimal expansion. The same can be said for the calvaria to a lesser extent. This appears in access of that expected for red marrow in a young patient and is felt to be abnormal. Plaques are several cells are opacified with enhancing material which appears continuous with alveolar ridge and may be extending from a related to the bone itself in marrow abnormalities clivus gall base and calvaria also enhance. In the brain ventricles and CSF spaces are nearly symmetric and appear age-appropriate. What vessels appear somewhat prominent though no focal abnormality identified. I'll intracranial flow voids are visualized. Evaluation of cervical spine reveals multiple epidural masses beginning at T2-3 and extending to bottom of field of view dorsal spinal canal. There are also multiple upper thoracic paraspinal masses beginning at about T2. In general though some neural foramina are involved . These enhance. There is cord compression beginning at T2 with central abnormal signal intensity better seen on comparison thoracic spine MRI and no compression of cervical cord or evident signal abnormality. As seen in the brain cervical cranial vessels appear moderately prominent even for age the significance of this is uncertain. There are scattered top normal prominent lymph nodes bordering on 10 mm short axis diameter mostly posterior triangles could be reactive. On post-contrast sagittal T1 weighted images of the cervical spine not does enhance as stated above but there is also possible leptomeningeal enhancement in the posterior fossa. This is not confirmed on axial or coronal T1 weighted postcontrast images of the brain is felt to more likely represent prominent vessels. Also some prominent enhancing vessels dorsal and ventral to the cervical cord.
IMPRESSION:

1. Minimal expansion and signal abnormality clivus occiput and to a lesser extent calvarial regions elsewhere. These regions enhance homogeneously. There is homeogeneously enhancing opacification of maxillary sinuses with involvement of alveolar ridge suggestive of involvement in this location as well. 2. Dorsal epidural and paraspinal masses upper thoracic region which homogeneously enhance concordant with comparison MR thoracic spine study and better seen on that exam. Cord compression and signal abnormality consistent with myelopathy again noted visualized upper thoracic cord. 3. Evaluation of the brain reveals no signal abnormality although cervicocranial arteries and veins in general are quite prominent even for stated age of 28. This could reflect high blood flow. With all the above findings and also history of hemoglobinopathy the possibility of extramedullary hematopoiesis is entertained. Pattern is less suggestive of neurofibromatosis doubt but cannot exclude neoplastic process like lymphoma consider biopsy. Discussed with Dr. DeMarco. 4. Minimally prominent cervical cranial blood vessels possibly indicating high blood flow which would be consistent with hemoglobinopathy.