Diseases: ['lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

The previously seen nonenhancing T2 prolongation in the left frontal lobe has resolved with no evidence of residual FLAIR signal abnormality. There is been interval development of a small focus of high signal intensity on DWI images without convincing evidence of dark signal on ADC map or corresponding signal abnormality on other sequences in the parasagittal left superior frontal lobe. Linear blood products in the right precentral gyrus are again noted. Scattered foci of susceptibility identified on the February 4 2013 examination remains stable. Multiple scattered patchy areas of enhancement in bilateral frontal lobes see image #25 of series 9 appears slightly more conspicuous from before. There is stable confluent white matter T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter of both cerebral hemispheres. Again seen is dolichoectasia of the vertebral basilar system. No extra-axial collections mass effect or midline shift. The generalized sulcal and ventricular prominence in keeping with the patient's age is stable. The paranasal sinuses are grossly clear. Bilateral cataract surgeries are again seen.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval resolution of the previously noted left frontal lobe white matter nonenhancing T2 prolongation. 2. Development of small area of high signal intensity on DWI without convincing evidence of restricted diffusion on ADC map in the parasagittal left superior frontal gyrus. 3. Stable scattered blood products in both cerebral hemispheres most pronounced in the right precentral gyrus. Multiple scattered patchy areas of enhancement in bilateral frontal lobes appears slightly more conspicuous from before. Overall constellation of findings remain nonspecific particularly in terms of waxing and waning appearance of lesions in the frontal lobes; multiple scattered foci of susceptibility (new as compared to April 2012 MRI scan) with multiple scattered patchy areas of enhancement also increasing since 2012. Diagnostic possibilities include: a) Vasculopathy/ microangiopathy (favored) in view of findings above. b) Neoplastic etiology such as lymphoma is unlikely particularly in view of interval resolution of some of these lesions. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.