Diseases: ['meningioma', 'meningioma', 'lymphoma', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

The images are mildly motion degraded. A small subdural collection is noted over right occipital and posterior temporal convexities with extension along the posterior falx. Again noted are two previously described extra axial lesions: a 1.3 cm homogeneously enhancing nonrestricting lesion just inferior to the lateral aspect of the left tentorium cerebelli (image 9 of series 9 and image 20 of series 10) most consistent with meningioma and the 0.8 cm right parietal convexity enhancing lesion demonstrating restricted diffusion likely related to high cellularity on image 25 of series 9 and 10 which could represent a meningioma with high cellularity or a dural lymphoma. There is no acute arenchymal or intraventricular intracranial hemorrhage acute ischemia extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Following contrast administration there is no other pathologic enhancement. There are a few nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter and to a lesser degree in the brainstem without evidence of restricted diffusion or enhancement most likely related to chronic small vessel ischemia and the patient of this age. Foci of susceptibility are noted in bilateral basal ganglia consistent with likely senescent calcifications. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. There are no calvarial lesions.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small subdural hemorrhage along the right occipital and posterior temporal convexity with extension along the posterior falx. 2. Two extra-axial lesions: a homogeneously enhancing nonrestricting lesion just inferior to the lateral aspect of the left tentorium cerebelli most consistent with meningioma and the 0.8 cm right parietal convexity lesion demonstrating restricted diffusion likely related to high cellularity which could represent a meningioma with high cellularity or a dural lymphoma. Correlation with CSF analysis is recommended to assess for CNS involvement by lymphoma. The findings were discussed with acknowledged by Dr. Stearns at 9:05 a.m. on 05/17/10.