Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a multilobular region of signal alteration within the left centrum semiovale extending to the corona radiata adjacent to the posterior body of the left lateral ventricle measuring approximately 2.9 cm (CC) x 2.4 cm (AP) x 1.8 cm (TV). There is contiguous extension into the splenium of the corpus callosum with extension across the midline to the right splenium of the corpus callosum. There is no expansion of the corpus callosum. There is also involvement of the posterior septum pellucidum. A smaller similar appearing nodule is seen superior to the mass (image 70 series 5) measuring 1.2 cm. There is no substantial mass effect. Both lesions demonstrate restricted diffusion. Following gadolinium administration there is mild heterogeneous enhancement most conspicuous within the superiorly located nodule. Of interest best appreciated on the axial images are veins coursing through the lesions in the left frontal centrum semiovale see image 113 of series 14 which can be seen in demyelination. MR perfusion demonstrates markedly elevated cerebral blood volume (rCBV) within the lesions. MR spectroscopy reveals elevated choline relative to creatine and NAA as well as elevated myoinositol levels. There a focus of T2 hyperintensity that is not diffusion restricting in the right parietal white matter. There is no evidence of acute intra or extra axial hemorrhage or abnormal fluid collections. Cerebral volume is age-appropriate. No midline shift identified. A 9 mm pineal cyst is incidentally noted. Visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Lobulated heterogeneously enhancing periventricular mass centered within the left centrum semiovale as detailed. Extension across the corpus callosum which is not expanded and involvement of the septum pellucidum is suggested. There is associated restricted diffusion marked elevation of elevated cerebral blood volume (rCBV) as well as elevated choline relative to creatine and NAA. The conventional MR is most suggestive of acute demyelination; however the advanced imaging is concerning for a neoplastic process such as lymphoma. While acute demyelination is unusual in patients over 50 representing approximate 10% of cases of MS they usually have a more aggressive course. This study is unchanged from the outside study from 4 days ago and the study from early June is an unenhanced one. Lymphoma favored over demyelination based on advanced imaging.