Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

A focus of T2 prolongation is again seen in the left genu of the corpus callosum grossly unchanged in size measuring 1.4 cm in maximal diameter. There is now mild associated enhancement which is new compared to the prior mri. This focus continues to demonstrate restricted diffusion. Nonspecific scattered foci of T2 prolongation within the periventricular and deep white matter is again seen. The T2 prolongation in the left external capsule has improved compared to the prior study. There is no restricted diffusion associated with these findings. There is continued T2 prolongation within the bilateral medial temporal lobes probably involving the hippocampi and thalami which is nonspecific but may be secondary to status epilepticus. Foci of susceptibility are again seen in the pons likely reflecting prior hypertensive microhemorrhages. Cerebral volume is age appropriate. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extraaxial fluid collection or midline shift. There is no pathologic enhancement. Intracranial flow voids are maintained. A saccular aneurysm of the in the left MCA bifucation is again noted. There is moderate mucosal thickening in the left maxillary and sphenoid sinuses with air-fluid levels. There is mild mucosal thickening in the right maxillary and sphenoid sinuses. There is left greater than right opacification of the mastoid air cells. There is bilateral lens replacement. Cervical spine: Please note that the images are somewhat degraded by motion artifact. There is straightening of the normal cervical lordosis which may be positional. There is minimal anterolisthesis of C3 on C4. There are no focal marrow lesions. The cervicomedullary junction is normal. The spinal cord is normal in appearance without focal atrophy or expansion. There is no definite abnormal signal in the spinal cord. There is no definite abnormal enhancement following contrast. At C2- C3 there is no posterior disc abnormality neural foraminal narrowing or spinal canal narrowing. At C3-C4 there is a small posterior disc osteophyte complex which moderately effaces the ventral thecal sac. There is mild bilateral neural foraminal narrowing. At C4-C5 there is a small posterior disc osteophyte complex which mildly effaces the ventral thecal sac . There is bilateral facet hypertrophy. There is mild left neural foraminal narrowing. At C5-C6 there is no neural foraminal or spinal canal narrowing. At C6-C7 there is bilateral uncovertebral joint hypertrophy. There is no spinal canal or neural foraminal narrowing. At C7-T1 tthere is no spinal canal or neural foraminal narrowing.
IMPRESSION:

1. Focus of T2 prolongation within the left genu of the corpus callosum is again seen unchanged in size but with new mild enhancement. This is of uncertain etiology but could represent lymphoma. Infarct is considered less likely given the presistence of the restricted diffusion for 1.5 months. Other considerations include demyelinating disease suchs as ADEM. Follow-up imaging is recommended. 2. Continued abnormal signal in the bilateral medial temporal lobes with involvement of the bilateral hippocampi which may be secondary to status epilepticus. 3. Grossly stable left MCA bifurcation aneurysm. 4. Multilevel degenerative changes in the cervical spine most pronounced at C3-C4. There is no evidence of cord compression however the images are slightly degraded by motion artifacts. 5. Left greater than right mastoid air cell opacification. Dr. Sandsmark was notified of these findings at 18:10.