Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'glioblastoma', 'toxoplasmosis', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Images are degraded by significant patient motion despite repeated sedation attempts. There is a 4.4 x 3.0 cm mass with heterogenous fluffy enhancement centered within the deep gray matter nuclei involving the left basal ganglia and left thalamus as well as deep white matter tracts. There are regions of potential perivascular type enhancement along the periphery of the lesion inferiorly. There are curvilinear regions of decreased diffusion within and along margins of enhancing part of mass. There is significant surrounding vasogenic edema and/or infiltrating neoplasm within the adjacent white matter but does not appear to cross midline. There is T2 and flair hyperintensity likely representing edema and/or infiltrating neoplasm extending into the left midbrain abnormal signal also extends along the visual pathways including optic tracts and left and hypothalamus is involved as well. Perfusion imaging is degraded by patient motion but demonstrates curvilinear regions of mildly increased blood volume which correspond with scattered regions of perivascular like enhancement on post contrast T1 sequences giving a somewhat striated appearance at some levels (series 100 image 14) and there is also apparent increased blood volume in the margin of the nonenhancing signal abnormality extending well out into the left frontal lobe peripherally. There is significant mass effect on the lateral ventricles with 1.2 cm of left to right midline shift with hydrocephalus and transependymal flow of cerebral spinal fluid suspect trapping at the level of foramen of Monroe with dilatation both temporal horns of lateral ventricles but no third or fourth ventricle. Basal cisterns remain patent. Small fluid level present within the left maxillary and sphenoid sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large heterogeneously enhancing mass centered within the deep gray matter nuclei with surrounding vasogenic edema/infiltrating neoplasm extending into the left midbrain as detailed above. Imaging features favor lymphoma or less likely primary aggressive brain neoplasm such as glioblastoma. However imaging appearance is unusual and other considerations include inflammatory or infectious processes including toxoplasmosis if immune-compromised. 2. Signifcant mass effect on the lateral ventricles with 1.2 cm of left to right midline shift with hydrocephalus and transependymal flow of cerebral spinal fluid. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.