Diseases: ['lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

Exam is limited by motion despite sedation by house staff. There is however diagnostic information on the study. In the brain ventricles and CSF spaces are nearly symmetric and probably age-appropriate. Within limits of this exam there are only a few scattered nonspecific hyperintensities on long-TR images. There are no abnormal foci of enhancement. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. Signal intensity of the bone marrow as is abnormal especially visualized upper cervical spine. Sagittal T1-weighted images show decreased intensity throughout nearly all visualized spinal bone marrow in the spine decreased intensity compared to discs. There is minimal retrolisthesis of L5 on S1 (grade 1). There is evidence of moderate disc bulge and annular tear narrowing of inferior neural foramina. This also prominent fat anterior more than posterior to the thecal sac at this level which may represent component of lipomatosis. There is moderate facet arthrosis with ligamentum flavum hypertrophy at L5-S1 and L4-5. There is a diffuse annular bulge at L4-5. These findings combine to cause moderately narrowed spinal canal at L4-5 and L5-S1. The AP diameter of the lumbar spinal canal is narrowed at baseline most notably from L2-3 and inferior. There does not appear to be neoplastic compression of the spinal cord or cauda equina at any level. There is also abnormal signal intensity in the bony pelvis. Moreover there is enlargement of left iliacus and gluteus muscles with suggestion of blurring of cortical margins. There does appear to be some enhancement in the left gluteus. Uncertain if infiltration by mass or if there has been procedure in this location leading to an inflammatory picture. Infiltrates are noted in the bilateral lung fields incompletely evaluated.
IMPRESSION:

1. Exam limited by motion and patient inability to tolerate complete imaging but diagnostic information is available. No focal or acute findings brain although abnormal bone marrow is noted.2. Most notably there is diffusely abnormal bone marrow. It is uncertain whether this reflects nonspecific marrow abnormalities related to HIV infection and/or lymphoma infiltrating marrow. However there does not appear to be neoplastic compression of the cord at any level within limits of this exam. 3. Abnormal bone marrow pelvis as well with enlargement left gluteus and iliacus muscles and enhancement of the gluteus uncertain whether this reflects neoplastic involvement or whether there may been a prior procedure such as bone marrow sampling at this site previously. Correlate clinically.4. Degenerative changes are noted cervical and lumbar spine as well as epidural lipomatosis lumbosacral region. See above for details.5. Lung infiltrates.