Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'abscess', 'meningioma', 'toxoplasmosis']
FINDINGS:

There is a mass in the medial aspect of the right thalamus which abuts and exerts minimal mass effect on the adjacent third ventricle slightly displacing it to the left. This lesion has a T2/FLAIR hyperintense enhancing rim with a thicker region of nodular enhancement at its medial aspect. The medial enhancing component appears to cross the midline and involve the left thalamus There is mild central T1 and T2 prolongation. There is no significant surrounding edema. There is no diffusion restriction or susceptibility effects. Additionally there is a 6 mm enhancing lesion abutting the inferior aspect of the left tentorium cerebelli best seen on series 20 image 27. It is difficult to determine whether this is a dural based mass or a parenchymal lesion. There may be an additional subtle focus of enhancement in the superior anterior right cerebellar hemisphere best seen on series 20 image 25 and series 18 image 16 however this may be vascular enhancement. None of these lesions have any associated edema diffusion restriction or blood products. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are within normal limits for patient's stated age. Mild ethmoid sinus mucosal thickening. The mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Dominant rim enhancing lesion with medial nodular enhancement exerting minimal mass effect on the adjacent third ventricle without associated edema diffusion restriction or blood product within the right thalamus as detailed above. Enhancing lesion abutting the inferior aspect of the left tentorium cerebelli. Possible tiny enhancing lesion in the right cerebellar hemisphere which may be artifactual and related to vascular enhancement. Given multiplicity of lesions metastatic disease may be considered. Alternatively if the thalamic lesion is an independent process a ganglioglioma may have this appearance as can lymphoma. Infections such as abscess is less likely given the absence of diffusion restriction and surrounding edema. Cavernoma is less likely given absence of susceptibility effects on the gradient echo sequence. If the lesion abutting the left tentorium is extraparenchymal this may represent a tiny meningioma. Advanced imaging techniques including spectroscopy and perfusion weighted imaging may provide additional information. This case was discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Bowman of the neurosurgery service at 6:15 p.m. on January 10 2010.*ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: The absence of restricted diffusion in the thalamic lesion does not exclude infection since atypical infections such as toxoplasmosis TB and Aspergillus abscesses may not restrict. The presence of other lesions as well as some prominent meningeal enhancement suggest the possibilities of both infection although malignancy remains a less likely consderation. Spinal tap is suggested and presumptive treatment would seem prudent. The findings were relayed directly to Dr. Brown at 10:20 a.m. on January 11 2009.