Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'craniopharyngioma', 'medulloblastoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a cavity within the right cerebellar hemisphere related to prior neoplasm resection (reportedly medulloblastoma). On FLAIR images there is diffuse signal abnormality throughout the right cerebellar hemisphere and vermis as well as mild mass effect on the 4th ventricle. In addition there is enhancement about the periphery of the surgical cavity with suggestion of nodular enhancement. Cerebral blood perfusion is increased at the sites of enhancement. Although a component of these changes may be related to radiation change these findings are suspect for recurrent neoplasm. There is a 1.7 x 1.8 x 1.8 cm suprasellar mass with scattered cystic foci that demonstrates diffuse restricted diffusion and patchy enhancement as well as elevated CBV. The lesion exerts mass effect on the optic chiasm and the 3rd ventricle. There is faint enhancement of the chiasm and prechiasmatic optic nerves bilaterally suggestive of infiltration. The right A1 segment is hypoplastic possibly related to mass inolvement. On postcontrast images the right A2 appears to fill via a robust anterior communicating artery. The mass abuts and may partially surround the anterior communicating artery and left A1 segment. The pituitary gland is normal in appearance. The lateral ventricles are symmetric without findings of hydrocephalus. Spectroscopy demonstrates an elevated choline/creatinine and decreased NAA within the mass with normal spectra adjacent to the mass. The differential would include lymphoma craniopharyngioma and meningioma. A metastatic lesion possibly related to the patient's history of prior medulloblastoma would be an additional consideration however this is would be an unlikely location. There are no findings of hemosiderin deposition. Nonspecific white matter foci T2 prolongation are visualized in the posterior aspect of the parietal lobes bilaterally. There is no enhancement of these lesions. There is fetal origin of the right posterior cerebral artery.
IMPRESSION:

1. Suprasellar mass with probable infiltration of the optic chiasm and prechiasmatic optic nerves. The mass also appears to surround the right A1 segment and at least abuts the anterior communicating artery and left A1 segment. Differential would include lymphoma menimgioma and craniopharyngioma. A metastatic lesion possibly related to the patient's history of prior medulloblastoma would be an additional consideration however this is would be an unlikely location. 2. Postsurgical and post-treatment changes in the right cerebellum with findings suspect for recurrent neoplasm at the periphery of the surgical bed. 3. Nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation in the posterior aspect of the parietal lobes bilaterally.