Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There is a focal hyperintensity on T2-weighted images adjacent to occipital horn right lateral ventricle best seen on 3-D FLAIR images (series 6 image 86 and series 11 images 67) not clearly seen previously and in a juxtacortical location. There is minimal enhancement associated. There is a very small subcortical hyperintensity right parietal (series 11 image 94) which was not clearly seen on prior but this may reflect improvements in technique and does not enhance. No other convincing new lesions are appreciated no other abnormal enhancing foci. The ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise symmetric and age-appropriate. Skull orbits and paranasal sinuses are within normal limits. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. In the cervical cord caliber is maintained. There is a subtle signal abnormality on the right cord at the level of C3/4 and a more convincing focus on the left at C5 level and again at the C7 level on the left. These do not enhance. The right C3/4 question lesion is not clearly seen on the prior study but the other lesions at C5 and C7 can be seen at that time and the right C3/4 lesion can be easily seen on the 9/25/2008 study . In the thoracic cord there may be a focal hyperintensity in the distal cord at the level of T9/10 difficult to confirm on two views and there are no abnormal enhancing foci. This is not clearly seen on the prior study but can be seen on the 9/25/2008 study. There are degenerative changes at multiple levels with several foci of ridging disc-osteophyte without significant compromise of the spinal canal at any level pattern similar to prior. At the T6/7 level there is a small focus of enhancement which appears dural based anteriorly this is difficult to see on prior axial images but is apparent on the sagittal postcontrast images may be venous in origin but cannot exclude tiny dural-based mass such as meningioma and attention to this area on follow up recommended.
IMPRESSION:

1. New juxtacortical hyperintense focus with enhancement adjacent to right occipital horn right lateral ventricle. 2. Stable cervical cord lesions without abnormal enhancement or convincing new lesion. 3. Probable stable appearance thoracic cord no convincing new lesions or abnormal enhancement compared to prior studies. 4. At the T6/7 level there is a small focus of enhancement which appears dural based anteriorly difficult to see on prior axial images but is apparent on the sagittal postcontrast images may be venous in origin but cannot exclude tiny dural-based mass such as meningioma and attention to this area on follow up recommended.