Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

MRI brain: There are multiple patchy regions of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity involving subcortical deep and periventricular white matter nonspecific but probably reflective of microvascular ischemic changes in a patient this age which have progressed since prior exam. There is no evidence of restricted diffusion to suggest acute ischemia. There are similar findings present within the pons. There is diffuse prominence of sulci and as well as lateral and third ventricle likely reflective of mild to moderate parenchymal volume loss which has progressed from prior exam. There are no extracerebral fluid collections or midline shift. Within/adjacent to the proximal right sigmoid sinus there is a enhancing lobulated T2 hypointense focus measuring approximately 1.0 x 0.7 cm in axial plane and may measure up to 9 mm craniocaudally which is increased in size from 2001 exam and appears to involve the right sigmoid sinus. There is a small epidural component which is increased in size extending into the CSF spaces measuring approximately 5 x 3 mm but no significant mass effect on adjacent brain parenchyma. Degenerative changes with left temporomandibular joint. There are mild ethmoid mucosal changes. There are probable bilateral mucous retention cysts within the maxillary sinuses which completely opacifies them with a rounded focus of T1 shortening within the left maxillary sinus likely representing fungal elements versus inspissated secretions. The patient is status post bilateral lens surgery. No suspicious marrow signal change. MRI Cervical spine: There is mild levocurvature of the cervical spine without sagittal subluxation. No suspicious pathologic marrow signal changes are identified. Nonspecific effusions is noted at the occipital condylar C1 lateral mass joints. The intraspinal contents have an unremarkable MR appearance without convincing evidence of T2 prolongation of the cord which can be reliably seen in two planes. Imaged vascular flow voids of the neck are within normal limits. At the C2-3 level there is left greater than right uncovertebral joint arthropathy with associated mild broad-based posterior disk ossified formation which indents ventral thecal sac intervention mild canal narrowing. No significant facet arthropathy. No significant foraminal narrowing. At the C3-4 level generalized disk desiccation with moderate bilateral uncovertebral joint arthropathy and associated broad based posterior disk osteophyte formation which indents the ventral thecal sac and indents the cord. There is also focal prominence of ligamentum flavum at this level. Canal narrowing appears moderate to marked at this level. Mild right greater than left facet arthropathy. Marked bilateral foraminal narrowing right greater than left. At the C4-5 level mild bilateral uncovertebral joint arthropathy without significant posterior disk abnormality. Minimal facet arthropathy. Mild prominence of the ligament of flavum at this level. Minimal canal narrowing. Mild-moderate right and mild left foraminal narrowing. At the C5-6 level mild bilateral uncovertebral joint arthropathy without significant posterior disk osteophyte formation. Mild bilateral facet arthropathy suggested. No significant canal narrowing. Mild to moderate right and mild left foraminal narrowing. At the C6-7 level a no significant uncovertebral joint arthropathy. No significant posterior disk abnormality. Mild facet arthropathy bilaterally right than the left suggested. No significant canal narrowing. Questionable mild bilateral foraminal narrowing right more so than left. At the C7-T1 level there is no significant posterior disk abnormality. Mild right and a significant left facet arthropathy. Questionable mild right innocent of a left foraminal narrowing. Scattered perineural cysts are noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute ischemia or mass effect. Probable sequela of microvascular ischemic change as detailed which have progressed since prior exam. Progressive parenchymal volume loss. 2. Spondylotic changes of the cervical spine most significant at C3-4 with moderate to borderline marked canal narrowing at this level. Marked bilateral foraminal narrowing at this level. No definite cord signal abnormality. 3. Enlarging 1 cm mass centered about/within the right sigmoid sinus proximally with small epidural component which enhances mildly and similarly to the sigmoid sinus favored to represent an enlarging meningioma. MRV may be helpful to assess dural venous sinus patency.