Diseases: ['meningioma', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Post surgical change as compatible with right occipital craniotomy are evident resection site centered on tentorium. There is heterogeneous intensity around the surgical resection site extending into right cerebellum and right occipital lobe with some T1-bright T2-dark signal suggestive of blood products. There is also some air. There is mass effect on the fourth ventricle with distortion of right posterolateral aspect. Cerebellar tonsils extend through foramen magnum on right more than left and have a pointed configuration. Uncertain how much could be pre-existing Chiari malformation and how much is related to preoperative mass effect without comparison studies. Diffusion-weighted images showed some decreased effusion around the resection cavity but no extensive or vascular territorial decreased diffusion. This likely represents a combination of postoperative change and blood although some cytotoxic edema around the resection cavity may be present. Ventricles are moderately dilated (lateral and third) but there is relatively little increased signal intensity along the normal margins suggesting a more compensated or chronic hydrocephalic appearance. Again comparison with preoperative studies would be helpful. There is sulcal effacement over the right convexity but no substantial midline shift. On post-contrast images there is a 10 mm focus of enhancement along super aspect right transverse sinus probably extending into transverse sinus (best seen on series 8 image 15 and series 9 image 9) and is suggestive of residual neoplasm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes consistent with history of tentorial meningioma resection blood products and gas in resection site and minimal diffusion abnormality around cavity which likely represents combination of postoperative changes and blood. There is also hydrocephalus and cerebellar tonsillar descent through foramen magnum on right more than left with pointed configuration as described above. Comparison studies would be helpful to assess for change. Discussed with Dr. Lega in neurosurgery. 2. There is apparent residual enhancing neoplasm adjacent to superior aspect right transverse sinus. Comparison with preop study is recommended.