Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There has been interval development of small foci of intraventricular air in the frontal horns bilaterally and within the left temporal horn. Correlation with history of recent instrumentation is recommended. There is associated susceptibility artifacts in the region of intraventricular air. Similar areas of susceptibility artifact are seen in the region of the fourth ventricle and near the inferior the cerebellar vermis likely due to additional foci of air. Small areas of susceptibility artifact more superiorly in the left frontal and parietal lobes likely postsurgical. Redemonstration of postsurgical changes related to frontal craniotomy for resection of a prior left frontal meningioma. Stable encephalomalacic changes in the left frontal lobe. Stable extensive T2/FLAIR subcortical and deep white matter hyperintensity in the left frontal lobe likely related to postsurgical changes. Similar findings are seen in the right frontal white matter to a lesser degree. These findings are stable. The ventricles and cerebral sulci are prominent compatible with age-related volume loss. Ventricular caliber is stable compared to the prior examination from 7/2011. Additional scattered foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter of both cerebral hemispheres which are nonspecific but likely reflect chronic small vessel ischemic changes. There is no restricted diffusion in the brain. There is no mass effect or midline shift. No extraaxial collection. The orbits are normal. Trace paranasal sinus mucosal thickening. T1 shortening in the osseous structures at the skull base likely due to prior radiation therapy.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable ventricular caliber compared to the prior study from 7/12/2011. No definite disproportionate ventricular dilatation is appreciated to suggest hydrocephalus. 2. Interval development of air in the frontal horns left temporal horn fourth ventricle and near the inferior cerebellar vermis. Clinical correlation is advised. 3. Stable postsurgical changes and post treatment changes related to resection of left frontal meningioma with prior radiation therapy. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.