Diseases: ['metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Compared to prior gamma knife treatment exam there is increasing size of a 1.3-cm mass within the lateral aspect left precentral gyrus measuring up to 1.3 cm in maximal size. The right cortical subcortical cingulum mass measures approximately 2.3 cm when compared to prior exam; there is decreased vasogenic edema and mass-effect related to the mass. Right superior frontal two left occipital and right temporal metastases have decreased in conspicuity. There are no suspicious geographic regions of restricted diffusion. No extra-axial fluid collections. No ventriculomegaly. Image vascular flow voids are within normal limits. No suspicious meningeal enhancement. There is a new left extraconal and intraconal mass along the superior medial aspect of the orbit measuring 2.0 x 1.5 x 1.1 cm which exerts mass effect along the optic nerve and posterior aspect globe. There are new enhancing foci within the right occipital bone and left parietal bone consistent with calvarial metastases. Ethmoidal and maxillary mucosal changes with left maxillary mucous retention cyst versus polyp. There is unchanged hypointense marrow signal with in the right aspect of the C2 vertebral body extending into the posterior elements as well as the clivus consistent with bony metastatic involvement. This is unchanged from prior. There is a dural-based area of abnormal enhancement in the left parietal occipital region see image 15 series 10. This is stable going back to examinations of June 2011 making metastatic melanoma unlikely and this could reflect an incidental meningioma and under the circumstances of little consequence.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval increase in size of a left precentral gyrus metastasis with otherwise decreasing size of other intracranial metastases as detailed in this patient status post gamma knife. 2. New left superomedial orbital mass with mass-effect on the optic nerve and globe consistent with metastatic involvement likely involving the superior oblique muscle.