Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

Patient is status post left parietal occipital craniotomy. There is scalp swelling and blood products at the site of the craniotomy. There is a small amount of extra-axial gas edema and blood at surgical site. The previously noted enhancing mass centered in the left CP angle is no longer seen. There is decreased mass effect upon the brainstem and basilar artery to the right. There is edema and T2/flair signal hyperintensity within the resection cavity extending from the left aspect of the pons inferiorly to the left cerebellum in the region of the CP angle. This region also shows a restricted diffusion with corresponding loss of signal in the ADC map in keeping with combination of cytotoxic edema and acute infarction of left pons and left lateral cerebellum. This has a geographic distribution and appears to involve penetrators and probably the left anterior inferior cerebellar artery. Incidental note is made of a small peri-splenial lipoma. Nonspecific periventricular foci of flair hyperintensity again noted. There are small fluid levels in the bilateral maxillary sinuses left greater than right. There is mild mucosal thickening of the maxillary sinuses left greater than right. There is mild dilation of the fourth ventricle in the region of the CP angle slightly increased from the prior study. The size of the remainder of the ventricles are grossly unchanged. Comparing the pre-and post gadolinium images there is a suggestion of minimal enhancement at the left CP angle concerning for residual tumor. The tentorium as that site enhances asymmetrically and which could also represent neoplastic involvement.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post resection of left CP angle mass with associated postsurgical changes. Decreased mass effect on the brainstem to the right. 2. Restricted diffusion involving the region left of the pons CP angle and cerebellum likely combination of cytotoxic edema and acute infarction. The territory corresponds to the left ICA. 3. Mild dilation of the fourth ventricle in the region of the CP angle slightly increased from the prior study. The size of the remainder of the ventricles are grossly unchanged. 4. Enhancement in about the surgical bed concerning for residual tumor continued surveillance and correlation is from advised. Findings reported to and acknowledged by Dr. Halpern of neurosurgery caring for the patient at 1:40pm on April 23 2009.