Diseases: ['normal', 'meningioma', 'lymphoma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Several sequences are mildly degraded by motion artifact however study remains diagnostic. There is a large avidly enhancing multi-lobulated mass centered within the sella and measures very grossly 4.9 x 5.3 x 5.0 cm (craniocaudal AP and transverse dimensions respectively). The mass is predominately T1 isointense and mildly T2 hyperintense with internal foci of intrinsic T1 hyperintensity likely representing mineralization and/or hemorrhage as well as tiny cystic regions more superiorly. The mass fills expands and remodels the sella and encases bilateral cavernous carotid arteries right greater than left. The right intracranial carotid artery is encased at the level of foramen lacerum up to the carotid terminus whereas the left carotid artery is mainly encased at the level of the cavernous sinus. The carotid arteries remain patent and normal in luminal diameter. There is a large suprasellar component with mass effect flattening and superior displacement of the pre-chiasmatic optic nerves right greater than left optic chiasm tuber cinereum and mammillary bodies. There is superolateral mass effect upon the hypothalamic regions bilaterally as well as the floor of the third ventricle right greater than left. There is abutment and mild superior mass effect upon the entire course of bilateral A1 segments. There is posterior mass effect upon the anterior surface of the basilar tip and bilateral P1 segments. The mass extends anteriorly to fill the sphenoid sinus and bilateral posterior ethmoid air cells. There are likely obstructed secretions within the sphenoid and posterior ethmoid sinuses and probably nasal cavity as well. The mass also extends inferiorly to involve the superior/anterior half of the clivus with exophytic portions extending into the pre-pontine cistern. There is involvement of the petrous apices right greater than left and of the superior aspect of the right pterygoid plates. There is also mild encasement of the pre-chiasmatic and proximal portion of the intraorbital right optic nerve. The left optic nerve is relatively spared. The mass also extends into and expands the foramen ovale and likely foramen spinosum on the right with probable involvement of the right foramen rotundum and Vidian canal as well. There is mild enhancing tissue within the right pterygopalatine fossa. The nasopharynx is relatively free of disease involvement with only mild dependent secretions currently present. The pituitary gland and pituitary infundibulum are not well identified. There is suggestion of restricted diffusion likely related to high cellularity. Findings are similar to the most recent outside MRI and suggestive for a large atypical pituitary adenoma. Differential diagnosis includes meningioma nerve-sheath tumor lymphoma and metastasis. The ventricular system and cortical sulcation pattern is mildly prominent for patient's stated age likely reflecting mild parenchymal volume loss of uncertain etiology. There are a few subtle foci of FLAIR signal abnormality in the deep and periventricular cerebral white matter which are nonspecific in nature. There are no abnormal extra axial fluid collections. There is no evidence for acute/subacute parenchymal ischemia. There is no evidence for intracranial hemorrhage. There are no abnormal extra-axial fluid collections. There is no midline shift. There is no evidence for acute hydrocephalus. There are grossly normal flow voids at the base of the skull. There is slight flattening of the posterior globes with mild loss of the normal ovoid contour. There is moderate bilateral ethmoid and mild bilateral maxillary mucosal thickening. The frontal sinuses are hypoplastic. The mastoid air cells are clear. There is diffusely decreased marrow signal in the calvarium clinical correlation with hematologic disorder.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large enhancing sellar mass with extensive involvement of surrounding structures as described above. Of note there is mass effect upon the optic chiasm pre-chiasmatic optic nerves and hypothalamus. There is encasement of bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries right greater than left however they remain patent and normal in luminal diameter. The pituitary and infundibulum are not well identified. Findings are unchanged and most suggestive for a large atypical pituitary adenoma. Differential diagnosis includes meningioma nerve-sheath tumor lymphoma and metastasis. 2. Diffusely decreased calvarial marrow signal clinical correlation with hematologic disorder. 3. Mild diffuse parenchymal volume loss. 4. Scattered nonspecific foci of FLAIR signal abnormality in the cerebral white matter may relate to sequela of chronic microvascular ischemia. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.