Diseases: ['metastasis', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Brain: There is no acute infarct intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial collection mass effect midline shift or mass lesion. There is cerebral volume loss with associated enlargement of ventricles and sulci. There is no pathologic enhancement of the brain parenchyma or its coverings. Retention cyst right maxillary sinus with otherwise clear paranasal sinuses. Expected signal voids at the skull base and superior sagittal sinus. Cervical spine: The cervical spinal cord is normal in size without focal volume loss or expansion. No signal abnormality is identified. There is an extramedullary intradural enhancing nodule measuring approximately 4 millimeters in the right ventral lateral thecal sac at the C6 level. There is no vertebral body compression fracture. Minimal retrolisthesis of C6 on C7. Endplate degenerative change at C5-6 and C6-7 otherwise marrow signal is grossly normal. Multilevel degenerative changes including: C2-3: Small central disc protrusion. No significant spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis. Mild facet arthropathy. C3-4: Mild broad-based disc osteophyte eccentric to the right facet and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy mild spinal canal stenosis moderate right and mild left neural foraminal stenosis. C4-5: Small central disc osteophyte bilateral facet and uncal vertebral joint hypertrophy right greater than left mild right neural foraminal stenosis no significant left neural foraminal stenosis no spinal canal stenosis. C5-6: Loss of disc height broad-based disc osteophyte facet and uncal vertebral joint hypertrophy ligamentum flavum thickening/buckling moderate to severe spinal canal stenosis moderate to severe right neural foraminal stenosis moderate left neural foraminal stenosis. C6-7: Broad-based disc osteophyte and bilateral facet and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy mild to moderate mild bilateral neural foraminal stenosis mild spinal canal narrowing. C7-T1: No significant posterior disc disease spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis. Thoracic spine: The thoracic spinal cord is normal in size without focal volume loss or expansion. There is no pathologic enhancement involving the thoracic spine. Tip of the conus medullaris at L1-2. There is no vertebral body compression fracture or malalignment. Endplate degenerative changes including Schmorl's nodes. Hemangiomata at T2 and T7. There are no focal suspect marrow lesions. Mild degeneration in cleaning: Small central disc protrusion at T3-4 small right paracentral disc extrusion at T4-5 small broad-based disc bulge eccentric to the right at T11-12 mild broad-based disc bulge eccentric to left at T12-L1. There is no significant spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis at any level.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute intracranial process seen. No enhancing lesions. Cerebral volume loss. 2. Enhancing nodule within the ventral thecal sac of the cervical spine at the C6 level. Taken in conjunction with findings findings in the lumbar spine differential considerations include metastasis multiple nerve sheath tumors less likely meningioma. Consider CSF sampling. 3. Cervical degenerative changes most pronounced at C5-6 as above. 4. No enhancing lesions within the thoracic spine. Mild degenerative changes as above.