Diseases: ['meningioma', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes from bifrontal craniotomy with right frontal mesh placement. There is marked encephalomalacia appearance of the frontal lobes right much greater than left with ex vacuo ventricular dilatation and associated T2/FLAIR hyperintensity within the subcortical and deep white matter which probably represents a combination of treatment-related changes which have increased from August 2011 exam. Along the left cerebral convexity pachymeninges there is thick nodular dural enhancement consistent with a combination of postsurgical change and multiple meningiomas which in some areas have an en plaque type appearance; when taking into account variability between exam acquisitions there is no significant interval change in their appearance with the pachymeninges measuring up to 9 mm in maximal thickness. There is minimal mass-effect on the adjacent brain parenchyma. While there is adjacent FLAIR signal abnormality adjacent to the masses there is no evidence of gyriform enlargement to suggest reactive edema. Enhancing extraaxial masses are present but to a much lesser degree along the right cerebral convexity (series 9 images 26 and 28). The proximal/mid aspect of the superior sagittal sinus flow void is again not well seen which may reflect chronic occlusion. Small round 3mm anterior focus of enhancement similar midline frontal region dating to February 2011 however new from 2009 probably reflective of a small meningioma however a small aneurysm cannot be entirely excluded. There are no suspicious regions of restricted diffusion in the brain. There are no extra-axial fluid collections. Redemonstrated is nonspecific left frontal sulcal FLAIR hyperintensity which is not significantly changed from prior exam. Moderate generalized parenchymal volume loss with prominent lateral and third ventriculomegaly which is overall stable from prior exam. Borderline partial empty sella. Mild maxillary and ethmoidal mucosal changes. Orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extensive posttreatment changes related to prior therapy for multiple atypical meningiomas. Persistent nodular en plaque but also nodular dural enhancement reflective of known residual/recurrent meningiomas which are not significantly changed from the most recent prior exam. 2. 3-mm enhancing focus along the anterior falx cerebri stable to 2011 however new from 2009 probably reflective of a small meningioma doubt but cannot exclude small atypical aneurysm. Recommend MRA at the time of next follow-up MRI. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.