Diseases: ['oligodendroglioma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Outside comparison studies are available on CD including a CT headfrom 11/20/05 and an MRI brain from 11/21/05. They are labeled RhodeIsland Hospital.On the structural images for the current study there is anapproximately 3.6cm intraaxial mass involving the anterior inferiorfrontal lobe coming close to the operculum and Broca's area involvingcortex and subcortical white matter without substantial mass effect only local mass effect. The size is similar to the comparison outsidestudy. Particular note is made of calcifications on outside CT head and subtle small foci of enhancement on outside MRI in this mass.Also noted on structural images is an extraaxial mass centered onposterior planum sphenoidale and anterior sella enhancinghomogeneously on outside MRI and in close proximity to optic chiasm.It measures about 12mm transverse x 14mm AP x 8mm SI.Receptive language task failed for this particular patient since hewas unable to hear the passive listening task (audio presentation)over the noise in the MR scanner. This task was not consideredcritical for the location of this lesion.Verbal fluency and judgment tasks (presented visually) appeared togenerate usable results. Activation was seen along the posterolateraland superior aspect of the mass in left frontal operculum. Extent ofactivation in the frontal operculum appeared less avid than in mostpatients so some functional cortex may be masked and/or displaced bythe mass. Lack of activation does not imply lack of function in closeproximity to pathologic tissue. The activation maps were printed onhard copy and provided to Dr. Judy.Perfusion imaging shows slightly increased blood flow relative tocontralateral white matter and more focal moderately to markedlyincreased blood flow in the central peripheral portion of the mass where maximum cerebral blood flow (CBF) was more than twice that ofcontralateral white matter and just under twice that of global meanCBF.
IMPRESSION:

1. Approximately 3.6cm left frontal mass. Outside CT and MRI studiesrevealed subtle enhancement and calcifications. Maximum cerebral bloodflow greater than twice that contralateral white matter and just undertwice that of global mean CBF. Overall findings suggest a higher gradelesion (probably grade III). If this is an oligodendroglioma which isa good possibility with this appearance this could still be alow-grade (grade II) neoplasm.2. Functional MRI performed primarily for localization of Broca'sarea.3. Small meningioma posterior planum sphenoidale in close proximity tochiasm. MR orbits would provide greater detail regarding relationshipto chiasm correlate for visual field abnormalities.Above findings discussed with Dr. Judy.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: WOLF RONALD L MD