Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There is a large arachnoid cyst in the anterior aspect of the left middle cranial fossa. There is ill-defined area of T2 signal abnormality with encephalomalacia involving the left temporo-frontal lobe which appears to involve gray and white matter and appears to be associated with mild volume loss. High signal intensity extends into the posteriorly the internal capsule suggesting wallerian degeneration. These imaging findings are most consistent with an old ischemic event clinically correlate. Clinical correlation is suggested. There is no intracranial hemorrhage. There is no pathologic enhancement following contrast administration. Evaluation of the orbits shows T2 signal abnormality in the right intraorbital optic nerve. No clear signal abnormality is seen in the region of the right optic canal pre-chiasmatic optic nerve or optic chiasm. Diffuse enhancement in the segment demonstrating signal abnormality is seen. Specifically there appears to be a combination of enhancement of the nerve as well as the nerve sheath complex/surrounding dura. The extraocular muscles are symmetric in size. No retrobulbar mass is seen. There is extensive mucosal thickening in the right maxillary sinus. There is inspissated secretions in the right maxillary sinus. Mild mucosal thickening is also seen in the left maxillary sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Encephalomalacia involving the left temporofrontal lobe in the region of supra marginal gyrus with suggestion of associated wallerian degeneration. These changes may relate to a prior ischemic event in the left MCA territory. Clinical correlation is suggested. Compare prior studies. 2. Signal abnormality and enhancement of the intraorbital right optic nerve sheath complex. This may reflect optic neuritis the appearance is less typical of a meningioma. It is essential to clinically correlate for acute symptoms favoring optic neuritis versus slowly progressive chronic symptoms which can be seen with meningiomas as well. There is a single focus of increased signal intensity in the right periventricular white matter see image 22 of series 6. 3. Left middle cranial fossa arachnoid cyst. 4. Paranasal sinus changes most prominent in the right maxillary sinus see above.