Diseases: ['meningitis', 'meningitis', 'hydrocephalus', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There are scattered areas of FLAIR signal abnormality in the subarachnoid spaces and leptomeninges involving the posterior fossa including the cerebellar folia about the midbrain pons and middle cerebral peduncles and probably medulla also along the ependymal surfaces of the ventricles and scattered throughout the sulci of both cerebral hemispheres. There are scattered foci of subtle nodular enhancement associated with this. Findings are most concerning for carcinomatous meningitis. Mild interval cerebral volume loss probably treatment related. Interval increase in ventricular size with new confluent periventricular T2 signal abnormality in the setting of meningeal carcinomatosis findings raise concern for communicating hydrocephalus with transependymal CSF flow. Although in the setting of volume loss and intrathecal chemotherapy treatment effects may also be considered. Two new subtle foci of T1 hyperintensity within left caudate nucleus and right external capsule with equivocal enhancement given baseline T1 hyperintensity without restricted diffusion are suspicious for metastasis. New foci of T2 prolongation in periventricular white matter nonspecific in nature with broad differential however findings may relate to posttreatment change. No midline shift. No large extra axial fluid collection. No evidence for acute ischemia or intracranial hemorrhage. Normal flow voids are identified at the base of skull. Mild/moderate mucosal thickening in bilateral maxillary and ethmoid sinuses similar to prior study. Partial opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Subarachnoid and leptomeningeal FLAIR signal abnormality some with corresponding subtle nodular enhancement suggestive for carcinomatous meningitis. 2. Interval increase in ventricular size and confluent periventricular T2 signal abnormality in the setting of carcinomatous meningitis raises concern for communicating hydrocephalus with transependymal CSF flow. Although in the setting of volume loss and intrathecal chemotherapy treatment effects may also be considered. 3. Subtle T1 hyperintense lesions in the left caudate and right external capsule with equivocal enhancement however given the clinical history most concerning for hemorrhagic metastasis. Recommend continued follow up of these regions on subsequent imaging. 4. New foci of T2 prolongation in periventricular white matter nonspecific findings may relate to posttreatment change.