Diseases: ['meningitis']
FINDINGS:

The FLAIR images are moderately degraded by patient motion artifact. There is prominence of the extra-axial spaces over the left greater than right cerebral hemispheres associated with displacement of the veins towards the cortical surface consistent with bilateral subdural effusions. These subdural effusions are more conspicuous than on the prior CT of November 13 2012. On the current exam the left-sided subdural effusion measures up to 9 mm in thickness and the right subdural effusion measures up to 4 mm in thickness. There is no abnormal susceptibility effect associated with these subdural spaces to suggest hemorrhage. There is no restricted diffusion in the subdural spaces. There is no significant mass effect. There is no midline shift. The ventricles are symmetric. The basal cisterns are patent. There is also prominence of the extra-axial in the posterior fossa which may also represent subdural effusions. There is no focal parenchymal mass. There are no areas of abnormally restricted diffusion in the brain to suggest acute ischemia. Intracranial flow voids are preserved. There is generalized cerebral volume loss slightly greater than expected for the patient's age. There is diffuse sulcal hyperintensity on FLAIR images which may be related to oxygenation but the possibility of proteinaceous material within the subarachnoid space is not excluded. There are scattered foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular white matter which are nonspecific in etiology but likely reflect small vessel ischemic changes. An endotracheal tube is partially imaged. A nasal route tube is present. There is layering fluid in the dependent nasopharynx likely related to nasal tube. There is mild mucosal thickening in the sphenoid sinuses ethmoid air cells and maxillary sinuses. There is a mucus retention cyst in the left maxillary sinus. There is partial of opacification of the mastoid air cells bilaterally. The orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bilateral subdural effusions left greater than right. Differential considerations include subdural effusions resulting from meningitis or intracranial hypotension; however no other features of intracranial hypotension (such as sagging of the midbrain tonsillar herniation) are seen. 2. Diffuse sulcal hyperintensity on flair images which may be related to oxygenation; the possibility of proteinaceous material within the subarachnoid space is not excluded. CSF sampling may be helpful for further evaluation.