Diseases: ['meningitis']
FINDINGS:

Brain: The ventricle and sulci are normal in size and configuration. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Minimal sulcal FLAIR signal abnormality predominantly in the occipital lobes are most likely related to recent ventilation for surgery. There are moderate scattered foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter none of which are associated with restricted diffusion related to chronic small vessel ischemia for the patient's age. Paranasal sinuses orbits and mastoids are unremarkable. For patients age there is diffuse marrow signal abnormality within the clivus upper cervical spine and probably within the calvarium as well nonspecific reflecting chronic anemia or hematologic malignancy or metastasis. MRA: There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segements. There is sizable left posterior communicating artery with a slightly tortuous left P1 segment. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent including the origins. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarction. Minimal sulcal FLAIR signal abnormality predominantly in the occipital lobes are most likely related to recent ventilation for surgery. Other differentials include meningitis and post ictal state. Please correlate clinically. 2. Moderate scattered foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter nonspecific but likely sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. 3. Patency of the intracranial circulation as above. No evidence of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. 4. Patency of the neck vasculature without evidence of dissection or hemodynamically significant stenosis. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Kathrins at 11:55 hrs 8/14/2009. FINAL ATTENDING INTERPRETATION: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with the above report.