Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'meningitis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There is a new large area of T2 prolongation in the left parieto-occipital region primarily involving the white matter in a vasogenic edema pattern with some signal abnormality also noted in the adjacent cortex. Additional areas of T2 signal abnormality noted in the right parietal cortex bilateral occipital lobes pons and bilateral cerebellar hemispheres. There is new parenchymal hemorrhage in the left parieto-occipital region and to a lesser degree in the right parietal lobe. Slightly increased T2 signal noted throughout the cortex of the left parietal and temporal lobes extending into the anterior left temporal lobe and hippocampus. There is also slightly increased signal in the right hippocampus. New foci of signal abnormality also involve the left pulvinar and right dorsal thalamus. Increased FLAIR signal also noted in a few cortical sulci. A few additional scattered foci of signal abnormality throughout the cerebral white matter were seen on the prior study and are nonspecific but likely sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. Left parietal edema results in compression of the atrium of the left lateral ventricle. No midline shift or extra-axial fluid collections. Restricted diffusion noted within the areas of hemorrhage but no other diffusion abnormalities to suggest acute ischemia/infarct. Following contrast administration asymmetrically increased enhancement noted throughout the sulci of the left cerebral hemisphere and to a lesser degree in the high right parietal lobe. A few nodular foci of enhancement noted in the left cerebellar hemisphere. Incidental note made of a developmental venous anomaly in the left parietal lobe. Chronic opacification of the left mastoid air cells with no evidence of enhancement or restricted diffusion. MR venogram demonstrates patency of the dural venous sinuses including the superior sagittal sinus straight sinus and bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses. Normal variant anatomy noted with the superior sagittal sinus draining primarily via the right transverse sinus and straight sinus draining primarily via the left transverse sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Signal abnormality and edema involving the posterior brain left greater than right pons and cerebellum with hemorrhagic changes in the left greater than right parietal/occipital lobes. Given patient's history of probable immunosuppression the pattern is suggestive of posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome with hemorrhagic transformation. No evidence of underlying ischemic infarct. 2. Additional areas of signal abnormality involving the left temporal cortex probable bilateral hippocampi and bilateral thalami. While these findings may be related to status epilepticus a similar appearance can be seen in the temporal lobes/hippocampi with HSV encephalitis which is particularly concerning in the setting of immunosuppression. 3. The appearance of meningeal enhancement throughout the left cerebral hemisphere and to a lesser degree on the right could be related to hyperemia in the setting of status epilepticus. However in conjunction with FLAIR signal abnormality in the sulci findings are concerning for meningeal inflammatory process such as meningitis and empiric treatment may be warranted in a patient in whom lumbar puncture is contraindicated. Additionally nodular foci of enhancement noted in the left cerebellum. Neoplastic involvement cannot completely be excluded. Recommend follow-up. 4. Dural venous sinuses are patent. Findings were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Mackenzie on 2/19/2009 at approximately 11:15 p.m. Attending review: Agree with above; in this patient status-post bone marrow transplantation for AML the primary findings are most consistent with posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy related to immunosuppressive medication. The additional areas of apparent subtle increased T2 signal in the left temporal lobe hippocampi and thalami may be related to status epilepticus however herpes encephalitis cannot be completely excluded.