Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'meningitis', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Sagittal \T\ axial T1 axial FSE T2 axial flair axial diffusion and postcontrast axial and coronal T1-weighted imaging. 13 mL Multihance injected intravenously. Correlation: Head CT 3/22/11 Magnetic susceptibility artifact from shunt hardware and prior right frontal parietal craniotomy result in distortion of images. Again noted is moderate multiloculated extra-axial collection overlying right cerebral hemisphere mildly increased in size from prior head CT given differences in technique with maximal thickness of 15 mm compared to 13 mm previously. Associated mild increase in mass-effect on right cerebral hemisphere with 4 mm right to left midline shift at level of thalami. Right frontal approach ventricular shunt catheter remains in place with tip in frontal horn of right lateral ventricle. Left frontal approach catheter also again noted with tip in extra-axial space overlying left frontal lobe at vertex. Gliosis around right frontal approach shunt catheter as well as along a likely old shunt catheter tract in left frontal lobe. Lateral and third ventricles have mildly increased in caliber from prior head CT given differences in technique. Correlate clinically. Developing hydrocephalus not excluded. Additional patchy foci of T2/flair hyperintensity in subcortical periventricular deep white matter and brainstem are nonspecific but can be seen in the setting of small vessel ischemic disease. Area of encephalomalacia again noted involving right posterior temporal occipital and parietal lobes with intrinsic T1 and T2 gyriform hyperintensity. The latter is suggestive of laminar necrosis and/or late subacute blood products. Although confounded by intrinsic T1 shortening there does appear to be some patchy enhancement within area of encephalomalacia. Overall findings felt to reflect evolving late subacute ischemia as opposed to chronic. Correlate clinically. Diffusion weighted images markedly degraded by magnetic susceptibility artifact. Mild diffusion hyperintensity in region of right temporal occipital and parietal encephalomalacia likely secondary to intrinsic T1/2 shortening. Otherwise within limitations of exam no definite acute ischemia. Diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement which is nodular/thick overlying right cerebral hemisphere. Finding is nonspecific and could be reactive. No definite leptomeningeal enhancement. However there is diffuse flair hyperintensity involving bilateral cerebral sulci and basal cisterns. Minimal mucosal disease in ethmoid air cells and a small amount of fluid layering in nasopharynx. Opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Moderate multiloculated extra-axial collection overlying right cerebral hemisphere mildly increased in size from prior exam as detailed above. 2. Mild increase in caliber of lateral and third ventricles. Developing hydrocephalus not excluded. Correlate clinically. Right frontal approach shunt catheter in stable position with tip in right frontal horn. Left frontal approach catheter also noted with tip in extra-axial space overlying left frontal lobe at vertex. 3. Diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement which is thick/nodular overlying right cerebral hemisphere. Finding is nonspecific and may be reactive in etiology. 4. Diffuse flair signal hyperintensity but no definite leptomeningeal enhancement. Patient reportedly intubated and on 40-60% supplemental oxygen. Flair signal abnormality may be secondary to oxygen supplementation. Meningitis not excluded however although felt to be less likely. Correlate with CSF sampling. Diffuse subarachnoid hemorrhage unlikely given diffuse nature of flair signal abnormality. However correlation with head CT could be performed as clinically warranted. 5. Findings most suggestive of evolving late subacute encephalomalacia in posterior right temporal occipital and parietal lobes as detailed above. These findings were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Scott of the referring neural ICU service via telephone at 2:30 a.m. 3/26/11. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: Because of the tracheostomy and supplemental oxygen the subarachnoid space cannot be evaluated with MRI. In addition the overall quality of the diffusion scan is significantly degraded by the metal artifact and unreliable with regard to possible infection. There does appear to be thick enhancement along the medial aspect of the extra-axial collection and infection is certainly a consideration. With regard to the patient's seizures however there does appear to be cortical enhancement and evolving infarct which could provide an epileptogenic focus. The ventricles appear to have increased in size compared to the prior CT of the 22nd.