Diseases: ['meningitis']
FINDINGS:

A few punctate foci of restricted diffusion are seen within the right frontal lobe left parietal lobe and left temporo-occipital region. Most of these are at the gray-white junction and associated with decreased signal on the gradient echo sequence which suggest petechial hemorrhages. No parenchymal signal or diffusion abnormality is seen within the corpus callosum deep white matter brainstem or pons. Diffusely increased signal within the sulci on the FLAIR sequence is noted. The cerebellar tonsils extend beyond the foramen magnum by about 2 cm and have a pointed morphology suggesting Chiari 1 malformation. Additionally there is ventral compression at the cervicomedullary junction. No midline shift hydrocephalus or extra-axial fluid collection. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Following contrast administration there is prominent enhancement throughout the cortical sulci which likely reflect normal vessels rather than pathologic meningeal enhancement. No enhancing parenchymal lesions. Mucosal thickening noted throughout the paranasal sinuses with small fluid levels in the sphenoid sinuses. Fluid also noted in the posterior nasopharynx and bilateral mastoid air cells. Endotracheal tube is in place. Orbits unremarkable. Small subgaleal hematoma measuring 6-7 mm in thickness noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. There are a few punctate areas of signal abnormality with associated restricted diffusion and petechial hemorrhages as described. The distribution at the gray-white junction suggest traumatic injury such as sheer injury. No diffuse signal abnormalities involving the corpus callosum deep white matter or brainstem to suggest diffuse axonal injury at this time. However follow-up is recommended. 2. Diffuse signal abnormality within the cortical sulci on the FLAIR sequence. The findings are most likely related to increased oxygen tension secondary to endotracheal intubation. However similar findings can be seen with meningeal inflammatory processes such as meningitis or subarachnoid hemorrhage and clinical correlation is recommended. 3. Stigmata of Chiari 1 malformation as described. The findings of probable minor traumatic brain injury and Chiari 1 malformation were discussed with Dr. Halpern of the neurosurgery service on 1/21/2009 at approximately 8:00 p.m. Attending note: I agree with the report above and have personally reviewed the images.