Diseases: ['meningitis']
FINDINGS:

There is abnormal T2 prolongation involving the thalami bilaterally with minimal to no restricted diffusion. There is also abnormal T2 prolongation in the cortical precentral and postcentral gyri bilaterally with associated restricted diffusion in the postcental gyri. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. Following contrast administration there is diffuse leptomeningeal enhancement. An oral route tube is partially visualized. There are diffuse paranasal sinus mucosal changes with a fluid level in the sphenoid sinus. There are secretions in the nasopharynx. The mastoid air cells are partially opacified bilaterally.
IMPRESSION:

1. Diffuse leptomeningeal enhancement. Favor infectious etiology such as meningitis. CSF analysis is recommended. 2. Abnormal hyperintense T2 signal in the bilateral thalami and precentral/postcentral gyri. There is associated restricted diffusion in the postcentral gyri bilaterally. Favor hypoxic/anoxic injury. This may also be related to seizure activity. Dr. Dietz was notified of these findings by phone on 2/13/2008. Attending note: Disagree and have personally reviewed the images. The symmetric involvement of the thalami is unusual for anoxia with sparing of the globus pallidus and putamen. I would favor status epilepticus as the source of the thalamic abnormalities and suspect the symmetric diffusion abnormalities of the motor strip are also seizure related. I would recommend follow-up imaging to determine whether these diffusion changes are reversible. The FLAIR scan shows no abnormality of the cortical sulci over the convexities. While the pattern of enhancement is suspicious for a meningeal process this pattern of enhancement can be seen as an artifact of the rate of injection and these absence of enhancement in the interpeduncular cistern and internal auditory canals argues against a significant leptomeningeal process. The findings were relayed directly to Dr. Bonsal at 2:40 p.m. on February 14 2008.