Diseases: ['metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is interval performance of a right frontotemporal craniotomy with resection of the previously described right lateral temporal lobe avidly enhancing dural based mass with no significant residual enhancing mass remaining. Small resection cavity in the right middle cranial fossa containing blood product and air. There is a small postoperative subdural collection containing blood products and air as manifected to T1 hyperintensity in the resection bed. There is mild mass effect on the underlying brain parenchyma with sulcal effacement. Extensive vasogenic edema involving the right temporal and posterior frontal lobes is unchanged. There is a new 4-5 mm of midline shift toward the left. There is the slight increase in the effacement of the right lateral ventricle most prominently in the frontal and temporal horns. Mild medialization of the right medial temporal lobe is stable. An extra-axial frontal scalp collection containing air and fluid is likely postsurgical in nature. There is restricted diffusion in the right lateral temporal lobe likely representing cytotoxic edema. Areas of susceptibility in the right lateral temporal lobe is consistent with hemorrhage. The subcentimeter foci of enhancement in the right internal auditory canal and left superior cerebellum consistent with leptomeningeal metastases are stable. Stable old lacunar infarct in the left caudate head and mild nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation in the subcortical white matter are stable. The expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are patent. There is mucosal thickening of the ethmoid air cells. Small mucous retention cysts are noted in the bilateral maxillary sinuses. Mastoids and orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post right frontotemporal craniotomy with resection of the previously noted right lateral temporal lobe avidly enhancing dural metastasis with post surgical changes as described above and slight increase in mass effect and a new 4 mm of leftward midline shift. No convincing residual neoplasm. 2. New restricted diffusion in the right lateral temporal lobe likely represents cytotoxic edema. 3. Stable leptomeningeal carcinomatosis.