Diseases: ['metastasis', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Postoperative changes from right suboccipital craniotomy with resection cavity in right cerebellar hemisphere. Interval development of several new enhancing mass lesions as described in detail below: Approximately 7 x 6 mm enhancing lesion in the right cerebral hemisphere image number 5 of series 10 associated susceptibility likely from presence of blood products. Approximately 3 mm lesion in the lateral right cerebellar hemisphere on image number 6 of series 10 surrounding small amount of vasogenic edema. Approximately 4 mm enhancing lesion in the left cerebellar tonsil image number 5 of series 10. Approximately 2 million and enhancing lesion in the left superior cerebellum image number 11 of series 10. Approximately 5 mm enhancing lesion in the left hemi-pons image number 12 of series 10. Approximately 2 mm enhancing lesion in the left frontal lobe image number 24 of series 10. There is suggestion of increased leptomeningeal enhancement particularly in the parietal/ occipital region see image number 6 of series 11 correlate with clinical/CSF findings. Enhancing extra-axial mass adjacent to the left posterior falx is stable in size and appearance. No associated edema. None of these lesions is associated with significant mass-effect. There is no midline shift hydrocephalus or effacement of basal cisterns. Scattered nonspecific signal abnormalities in the white matter. Visualized paranasal sinuses show evidence of mild mucosal disease be the bilateral mastoids are well pneumatized.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postoperative changes from resection of right posterior fossa metastasis. 2. Interval development of several variable sized enhancing lesions as described in detail above. 3. Suggestion of increased leptomeningeal enhancement particularly in the parietal/ occipital region correlate with clinical/ CSF findings. 4. Stable enhancing mass adjacent to the falx stable dating back to MRI from April 10 2012 favor this to represent a meningioma over other dural based processes.