Diseases: ['metastasis']
FINDINGS:

CERVICAL: The patient is status post right suboccipital craniectomy with mesh reconstruction. Post surgical changes of the right skull base and posterior fossa are incompletely visualized. There is straightening of the cervical lordosis. Anterior and posterior osteophytes are seen at C3-4 through C7-T1 with mild loss of vertebral body and intervertebral disc space height and endplate degenerative signal changes. The study is not tailored to evaluate these. There is mild spinal canal stenosis at C3-C4 secondary to posterior disc osteophyte complex. There is T2 prolongation of the dorsal column of the spinal cord on the right at the C2 level with a 4 mm focus of enhancement postcontrast. The cervical cord is otherwise unremarkable. There is a 2 x 7 mm focus of enhancement within the anterior aspect of the spinal canal at C3-C4 (image 14 series 15 and image 10 series 13) suspicious for an intradural extramedullary metastasis. There is prominence of the dura surrounding this more nodular focus of enhancement possibly reactive change. There is a nasoenteric tube in place. The cervical and upper thoracic esophagus is patulous. THORACIC: Evaluation of the thoracic spine demonstrates normal alignment. Vertebral body and intervertebral disc space heights are normal. No focal marrow infiltrative process is seen. There is prominence of the dorsal epidural fat extending from T3-4 through T9. This does not cause significant spinal canal stenosis. There is no significant intervertebral disc space pathology. There is no evidence of thoracic cord abnormality. The thoracic cord is intrinsically normal in size without focal enhancement. The esophagus is again noted to be patulous. There are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with metastatic disease measuring up to 12 mm in the region of the right hilum and large enhancing structure of the liver is incompletely visualized. Multiple hepatic cystic structures are noted. LUMBAR: There is grade 1 anterolisthesis of L4 on L5 without evidence of spondylolysis resulting in moderate spinal canal stenosis. There is no significant neuroforaminal narrowing. Degenerative signal changes of L5 and S1 are noted. There is disc desiccation at L4-5 and L5-S1. Ill-defined soft tissue is seen of the caudal aspect of the thecal sac which exhibits enhancement postcontrast most consistent with intradural metastatic disease. No other abnormal leptomeningeal nerve root or conus enhancement is identified.
IMPRESSION:

1. Abnormal enhancement of the right dorsal cervical cord at C2 consistent with an intramedullary metastasis. Findings consistent with intradural metastases at C3-C4 and within the lumbosacral spine. Multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastatic disease. 2. Incompletely evaluated enhancing mass of the liver. This raises concern for an additional metastatic focus however vascular lesions of the liver could have a similar appearance. 3. Patulous cervical and upper thoracic esophagus unclear etiology. This raises suspicion for infiltrating tumor in the setting of known metastatic disease. 4. Multiple hepatic cysts. 5. Epidural lipomatosis of the thoracic spine without significant spinal canal stenosis. 6. Degenerative changes of the cervical and lumbar spine as detailed above.