Diseases: ['metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated is abnormal enhancing marrow signal measuring approximately 3.6 x 2.6 cm in sagittal plane by 2.6-cm transverse centered within the basisphenoid/clivus. There is slight interval increase in prominence of associated epidural soft tissue component slightly effacing the prepontine cistern. This mass abuts the basilar artery petrocavernous junctions of the internal carotid arteries bilaterally without evidence of obvious encasement. Increasing T1 shortening/ heterogeneity within this mass could represent treatment-related changes. There may be slight interval increase in anterior and left lateral increase in size of this mass with increasing soft tissue component within the left lateral recess of the sphenoid sinus on image number 7 of series 7. Similar appearing abnormal marrow signal within the right anterolateral occipital bone measuring up to 1 cm in maximal diameter. Abnormal marrow signal redemonstrated within the body of C2 measuring up to 8 mm similar to prior exam with similar appearing 3-mm abnormal focus of marrow signal within the C3 vertebral body. Incompletely imaged focus of abnormal marrow signal noted along the superior aspect of C4 possibly present on November 15 2011 exam however incompletely imaged. Abnormal marrow signal redemonstrated within the right mandibular condyle/ramus with abnormal soft tissue projecting into the right pterygoid musculature. Abnormal marrow signal is redemonstrated within the left mandibular ramus. There is associated restricted diffusion within these lesions. No suspicious parenchymal or leptomeningeal enhancement. No focal regions of mass-effect. Mild patchy T2 prolongation in the periventricular white matter which is nonspecific. No territorial regions of restricted diffusion. No extra-axial fluid collections. No suspicious foci susceptibility. Mild to moderate generalized parenchymal volume loss without disproportionate ventriculomegaly. The intracranial vascular flow voids are within normal limits for exam technique. Orbits are unremarkable. Sphenoid and ethmoidal mucosal changes.
IMPRESSION:

1. Slight interval increase in size of the basisphenoid/clivus metastasis. Bilateral mandibular right occipital C2 and C3 focal regions of marrow abnormality are similar to prior exam and remain concerning for metastases. Abnormal focus of marrow signal within C4 is incompletely imaged possibly present on November 2011 exam. Further evaluation with cervical spine imaging may be performed as clinically warranted. See details above. 2. No abnormal parenchymal or leptomeningeal enhancement to suggest intra-axial metastases. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation