Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There are enhancing lesions located near the gray-white junction with slight surrounding focal edema in the left frontal lobe which probably represent metastatic disease. One lesion measures 1.3 x 1.0 cm on image 21/series 12 a second measures 1.2 x 1.1 cm on image 22 and a possible third measures 6 mm on image 25. There are additional tiny foci of enhancement in the frontal lobe and superior temporal gyrus likely also representing metastases. Near the first lesion there is also mild enhancement in the sulci likely leptomeninges suggesting meningeal carcinomatosis and leptomeningeal speard of tumor. There is also suggestion of leptomeningeal enhancement in the sylvian fissure. There is no evidence of calvarial/osseous metastasis. There are scattered white matter and periventricular T2 hyperintensities which do not enhance and which likely represent sequelae of small vessel ischemic disease. There is also an old small infarction in the left cerebellar hemisphere. There is a tiny subcm focus of restricted diffusion in the left frontal lobe which probably represents a tiny acute infarction. The thalami and basal ganglia are unremarkable. No abnormalities are seen in the midbrain pons medulla. There is a developmental venous anomaly in the left cerebellar hemisphere an incidental finding and without associated cavernous malformation. There is no abnormal susceptibility in the brain parenchyma. There is diffuse cerebral volume loss. There is enlargement of the extraaxial space overlying the right frontal convexity which may represent a hygroma or cerebral atrophy. The vascular flow voids are unremarkable. The orbits are unremarkable. There is a retention cyst in the right maxillary sinus and partial opacification of the ethmoid air cells. There is mild opacification of the left mastoid air cells. The visualized pharynx and parapharyngeal soft tissues are normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Several small left frontal and superior temporal lobe metastases with suggestion of leptomeningeal spread of tumor as described. 2. Probable tiny left frontal infarction.