Diseases: ['metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Some series are moderately degraded by motion related artifact. Accounting for differences in technique there is stable appearance of previously noted heterogeneously enhancing hemorrhagic and/or melanotic lesion in the right precentral gyrus measuring up to 1.6 x 2.4 cm in total (series 16 image 148). The lesion again demonstrates intrinsic areas of T1 hyperintensity some associated with susceptibility consistent with hemorrhage in a background of metastatic melanoma. Intrinsic T1 shortening again limits evaluation of enhancement but enhancing region appears to measure approximately 1.5 x 1.8 cm (image 148). There is stable associated mass effect and surrounding edema in the precentral gyrus extending into the adjacent superior frontal gyrus and post central gyrus. There is stable intrinsic T1 hyperintensity and enhancement along the anterior margins of the right precentral gyrus and gyral enhancement along posterior aspect precentral gyrus. Enhancement and edema as well as more focal T1-bright signal parenchymal findings have progressed since August 17 2012. Perfusion and spectroscopy in the area of interest in the right precentral gyrus are limited by susceptibility effects related to blood products. There is significantly increased relative cerebral blood flow associated with the enhancing portions of the right precentral gyrus lesion where there is less susceptibility artifact (series 602). Spectroscopy demonstrates markedly elevated lipid lactate peaks other metabolites depressed compared to left though at least one subvoxel shows local elevated choline relative to creatine and NAA (series 19 image 1) suspect mixed neoplasm and treatment related necrosis given these findings with blood volume results. Corticospinal tractography demonstrates that right corticospinal tract fibers pass through the region of edema in the medial superior right frontal lobe and precentral gyrus. There is nonvisualization of fibers more laterally toward region of the hemorrhagic enhancing mass centered in the right hand motor area which may indicate partial disruption of these fibers by mass but interference with fiber tracking could also be related to hemorrhage or edema. Note that lack of visualization does not necessarily mean that fibers are disrupted and that not all fibers may be tracked. Left corticospinal tract (CST) also showed suboptimal tracking which may reflect decreased image quality at least partially related to motion. No new areas of intracranial hemorrhage or parenchymal enhancement are noted. There are stable periventricular deep and subcortical foci of T2 prolongation nonspecific. No evidence of acute infarct. The ventricles are stable in size and configuration. No midline shift. The basal cisterns are patent. The right vertebral artery is dominant. The left vertebral artery appears to terminate in the left PICA. Changes of left parietal scalp resection are again noted. Status post bilateral lens surgery. Visualized paranasal sinuses are unremarkable. There is a small amount of fluid in the mastoid air cells bilaterally.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable appearance of hemorrhagic and heterogeneously enhancing lesion in the right precentral gyrus. Perfusion and spectroscopy are limited by the presence of hemorrhage but most consistent with metastasis though there are likely treatment related changes as well on spectroscopy. Continued intrinsic T1 hyperintensity and enhancement along the margins of the right precentral gyrus anterior greater than posterior consistent with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis. Stable surrounding mass-effect and edema in the posterior right frontal lobe adjacent to post central gyrus compared to December 27 2012 but increasing since August 17 2012. 2. Right corticospinal tract fibers pass through the region of edema in the medial superior right frontal lobe and precentral gyrus. Nonvisualization of fibers more laterally in the region of the hemorrhagic enhancing mass centered in the right hand motor area and less confluent than left side which may indicate interruption or infiltration of fiber pathology including blood products and edema may interfere with tracking or a combination of these. Image quality is fair. 3. Screen capture images are as follows: bilateral cortical spinal tracts superimposed on axial FLAIR (series 605)  axial T1 (606) and sagittal T1 (607) 5. Series for surgical navigation include the following: 3D T1-weighted STEALTH (701 motion degraded) bilateral cortical spinal tracts (702) STEALTH FLAIR (703) ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.