Diseases: ['infarction', 'metastasis', 'metastasis', 'metastasis', 'metastasis', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is a 3.8 cm x 2.1 cm x 2.7 cm enhancing cortical/subcortical lesion in the anterior middle/superior gyri of the right frontal lobe. Given its predominant cortical location gyriform appearance with intrinsic serpiginous susceptibility blood product typical of lamina necrosis mild degree of restricted diffusion and small amount of surrounding edema out of proportion to the size of the lesion this most likely represents a subacute infarct. Etiology is probably thrombotic/embolic and perhaps a watershed infarction between the MCA and ACA territories. There is mild effacement of the right frontal horn. In addition there are several enhancing cortical/subcortical lesions in bilateral cerebral hemisphere; the sizable lesions demonstrate similar appearance as the above subacute infarct except no obvious lamina necrosis and none to minimal surrounding white matter edema. The patient is not taking steroids as per Dr.Amaravadi. Therefore given the subacute infarct in the right frontal these may also reflect embolic subacute strokes. However concurrent intracranial metastasis of melanoma may incite little edema and seems very likely given wide-spread systemic metastasis. Therefore CSF cytology is recommended. Specifically in the right hemisphere enhancing lesions: 1.6 X 1.2 cm in the medial right parietal occipital lobe (series 8 image 21) 1 cm right lateral temporal lobe (series 8 image 14) 5 mm right superior parietal lobe post-sensory gyrus (series 8 image 25) 3 mm right posterior superior frontal lobe premotor gyrus (series 8 image 26). In the left hemisphere enhancing lesions: a 1 cm left anterior temporal lobe lesion (series 8 image 12) and a 5 mm in the left superior frontal lobe (series 9 image 21). Suspicious punctate foci in the pial surface of right motor strip (series 8 image 27-28) to be followed. Of note there is pulsation artifact with pseudo enhancement in the anterior temporal lobes (series 8 image 11) which is not confirmed on coronal images. There are multiple smaller punctate dots of leptomeningeal/cortical enhancement seen throughout the cerebral hemispheres without evidence of leptomeningeal carcinomatosis at the skull base/IACs. There is diffuse osseous metastasis involving of the clivus upper cervical spine perhaps diffusely in the calvarium with a discrete 1.5 cm lytic metastasis in the left occipital bone which destroys the inner/outer cortex and associated with adjacent thin smooth dural enhancement either reactive or early dural metastasis.
IMPRESSION:

1. A subacute infarct in the right frontal lobe. Etiology is probably thrombotic/embolic and perhaps a watershed infarction between the MCA and ACA territories. Depending on the patient's clinical status imaging of the carotid arteries/ echocardiogram can be considered. 2. Multiple bilateral hemispheric cortical/subcortical enhancing lesions as detailed above may also reflect embolic subacute strokes. However concurrent intracranial metastasis of melanoma may incite little edema and seems very likely given wide-spread systemic metastasis. Therefore CSF cytology is recommended and if cytology is inconclusive short interval follow up (2-4 weeks) for interval evolution of infarct/metastasis is recommended. 3. Osseous metastasis with a discrete 1.5 cm lytic metastasis in the left occipital bone which destroys the inner/outer cortex and associated with adjacent thin smooth dural enhancement either reactive or early dural metastasis. These findings and recommendation were discussed and acknowledged by Dr. Amaravadi (the referring physician) by Drs. Wilmot and Learned on August 14 2009 at 11:10 a.m.