Diseases: ['metastasis', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is a 7-8 mm enhancing lesion in the right medial temporal lobe see series 9 image 14 with associated mild T2 prolongation consistent with patient's known metastasis in this region. In addition there is discontinuous gyriform and slightly nodular T1 hyperintensity along a right medial parietal gyrus on both dependent and nondependent surfaces see Se 8 Im 25 to 29. There is associated FLAIR signal abnormality. Enhancement is difficult to assess due to presence of intrinsic T1 shortening. No associated susceptibility. There is a small developmental venous anomaly in the region. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. No restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. The expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear except for focal mucosal changes in the right maxillary sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. 7-8 mm right temporal lobe enhancing lesion without significant mass effect consistent with patient's known right temporal lobe metastasis. 2. Focal gyriform nodular T1 and FLAIR hyperintensity along a right medial parietal gyrus without mass effect susceptibility or convincing enhancement nonspecific. Favor leptomeningeal metastasis from melanoma although cortical laminar necrosis or late subacute subarachnoid hemorrhage could have a similar appearance. Comparison with outside imaging would be helpful. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: There are several other areas of high signal intensity on the T1 weighted scan posterior to the atrium of the left lateral ventricle probably flow related artifacts. The above-mentioned cortical T1 shortening is of uncertain significance. I think leptomeningeal disease is unlikely in the absence of any other findings such as leptomeningeal enhancement. The proximity to what appears to a DVA suggests this is unrelated to the patient's underlying malignancy and I think follow-up imaging would be appropriate although comparison with previous studies would of course be of value.