Diseases: ['metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Brain: Patient is status post prior occipital craniectomy with interval significant decrease in size of the pseudomeningocele at the site of surgery as is the previously described small exta-axial post-operative collection just to the left of the midline posteriorly in the posterior fossa with susceptibility. No convincing area of restricted diffusion. There is stable dural enhancement posterior aspect of the cerebellum and along the rim of the pseudomengocele likely reactive. No convincing new foci of meningeal and parenchymal enhancement. Again seen is T2 hyperintensity in the cerebellum left greater than right also decrease in comparison to prior examination. Mild periventricular and subcortical T2 signal abnormality is stable and nonspecific and may be related to chronic small vessel ischemia. There is mild generalized cerebral volume loss stable. Small area of encephalomalacia in the anterior inferior right temporal lobe is stable. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are patent. Visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. Mastoid air cells are partially opacified. Orbits are unremarkable. No suspicious marrow lesions. Thoracic Spine: The thoracic kyphosis is maintained. Vertebral body heights and alignment are preserved. There is a T1 and T2 hypointense lesion in the inferior endplate of T12 with minimal enhancement. No pathologic fracture. Visualized spinal cord is normal in signal characteristics and morphology. No abnormal intramedullary or leptomeningeal enhancement within the spinal cord. No signficant disc herniation spinal canal stenosis or neural foraminal narrowing. There are hilar adenopathy and right adrenal mass consistent with patient's known metastatic disease. Please refer to dediated CT chest/abdomen for further information.
IMPRESSION:

1. Continued evolution of post-surgical changes as described above. No convincing new metastatic lesions in the brain. 2. T12 inferior endplate lesion with a nonspecific imaging appearance. If vertebral metastasis is a clinical concern then bone scintigrapy may be useful. 3. No pathologic fracture or intramedullary/leptomeningeal enhancement. 4. Hilar adenopathy and right adrenal mass consistent with patient's known metastatic disease. Please refer to dedicated CT chest/abdomen for further information.