Diseases: ['metastasis', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

MRI of the brain was obtained with sagittal T1 axial T2 axial FLAIR axial diffusion weighted axial T1 and post-gadolinium axial and coronal T1 images. 13 mL Multihance administered intravenously. Postsurgical changes from right frontotemporal craniotomy for evacuation of a right frontal lobe intraparenchymal hemorrhage. There is a small extraaxial fluid collection adjacent to the operative site. Stable swelling/fluid over the craniotomy has material that is heterogeneous but does not follow the signal characteristics of cerebral spinal fluid may be reflective of evolving postsurgical change/blood products. It does not demonstrate restricted diffusion. Subarachnoid and intraparenchymal blood products are present within the left frontal resection cavity; much of the blood products are T1 hyperintense. When comparing the unenhanced and enhanced axial T1-weighted images side by side there are no regions of pathologic enhancement; however it must be noted that the intrinsic hyperintensity on the unenhanced T1-weighted images could mask enhancement. There is associated edema surrounding the resection cavity with mass effect on the frontal horn left lateral ventricle. Areas of restricted diffusion along the margins of the cavity most pronounced posteriorly are felt to reflect cytotoxic edema and blood products and are not associated with enhancement. Findings most like reflecting an acute to subacute infarct in the left cerebellum see images 72 and 73 of series 5 and image 8 of series 6. Subarachnoid FLAIR signal abnormality is consistent with hemorrhagic/proteinaceous debris; there is questionable mild leptomeningeal enhancement. Layering blood products within the lateral ventricles are noted. Stable small right frontal subdural collection. On the last two sequences of the examination the first being a coronal enhanced T1-weighted image followed by a repeat axial fast spin echo T2-weighted sequence there is development of abnormal tissue in the subarachnoid extra-axial and possibly intraparenchymal region of the medial right occipital lobe/posterior interhemispheric fissure this is hyperintense on T2-weighted imaging and coronal post-contrast T1-weighted imaging and is not definitely seen on the preceeding sequences. This is most concerning for vascular extravasation of blood and contrast. Further evaluation with head CT is recommended 4 mm enhancing focus lateral aspect left frontal lobe with associated edema (image 18 series 8). A and the Small foci of encephalomalacia bilateral cerebellar hemispheres from remote prior infarct. Patchy deep and periventricular white matter T2 hyperintensity probably reflective of microvascular ischemic changes. Maxillary ethmoidal and frontal mucosal changes. Nonspecific bilateral mastoid fluid
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes related to prior left frontal craniotomy for evacuation of a left frontal intraparenchymal hemorrhage. The changes in the left frontal lobe and adjacent meninges and subarachnoid spaces as detailed above are all expected in the postoperative setting. No discrete abscess or infection is identified but these cannot be entirely excluded. 2. 4-mm enhancing focus inferior lateral left frontal lobe with adjacent vasogenic edema. On image 17 of series 8b of the head CT from June 13 2012 there is suggestion of mild vasogenic edema in this location. In this patient with a history of melanoma metastasis must be considered. Other considerations would include granulation tissue or a pseudoaneurysm. If the vasogenic edema was present preoperatively a metastasis would be favored. Attention to this region follow-up imaging is recommended. 3. On the last two sequences of the examination the first being a coronal enhanced T1-weighted image followed by a repeat axial fast spin echo T2-weighted sequence there is development of abnormal tissue in the subarachnoid extra-axial and possibly intraparenchymal region of the medial right occipital lobe/posterior interhemispheric fissure this is hyperintense on T2-weighted imaging and coronal post-contrast T1-weighted imaging and is not definitely seen on the preceeding sequences. This is most concerning for vascular extravasation of blood and contrast. Further evaluation with head CT is recommended. 4. Small acute/subacute infarct in left cerebellum.