Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'metastasis', 'metastasis', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Single intensity of calvaria is diffusely decreased there are several slightly expansile foci with increased intensity relative to marrow which are more easily seen on diffusion-weighted images and suspicious for calvarial metastases. There is a mass in the pineal region with distortion of the superior tectal plate measures about 12 mm in height and about 14 x 17 mm transverse. This also is diffusion-bright which may indicate cellularity. Focus of susceptibility could indicate engulfed pineal calcifications blood or melanin. The mass enhances and is fairly well defined. Temporal horns are only minimally prominent third ventricle not dilated no convincing hydrocephalus at this time is evident. There is a small peripheral subcentimeter enhancing focus right temporal lobe suggestive of another metastatic focus (series 35 image 12) but no other convincing enhancing foci in the brain. There are scattered subcortical white matter hyperintensities on long-TR images especially in subcortical regions but not clearly enhancing or exerting mass effect nonspecific. No convincing leptomeningeal enhancement no convincing cranial nerve enhancement. Cavernous sinuses enhance symmetrically and without expansion. However there is a mass in the superior left orbit which involves the superior rectus muscle enhances and concerning for a metastatic focus. This is best seen on pre-contrast sagittal images (series 15 image 6). There is minimal tortuosity and prominence of left cavernous carotid artery compared to left but this could be anatomic as the right A1 segment is small.
IMPRESSION:

1. Pineal region mass distorting the superior tectum without hydrocephalus suspect metastasis. Another small right temporal focus is suggestive of another parietal metastasis but no midline shift and no other parenchymal lesions identified. 2. Diffuse abnormal signal calvaria with multiple focal abnormalities suggestive of multifocal calvarial metastatic disease. 3. Intraorbital enhancing mass involving superior rectus on the left suspect metastasis. See also report as the spine performed at same time but dictated separately