Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

MRI: There is no restricted diffusion. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is no pathologic enhancement. Subtle relative hypoenhancement measuring 6 mm within the left pituitary gland with minimal rightward stalk deviation is again noted possibly representing a microadenoma. There is diffuse decrease in marrow signal probable stable from prior study clinical correlation with hematologic disorder. MRA brain: Motion artifact degrades image quality of the MR angiogram. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There is a fetal origin of the right PCA. There is likely a 3 mm infundibulum at the origin of the right posterior communicating artery. The left PCOM is present. There is a 2-mm outpouching at the right MCA bifurcation that may represent a small aneurysm versus infundibulum or may be artifactual in nature. There are no regions of focal stenosis. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. MRA neck: There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries from their origins off of the subclavian arteries to the vertebral basilar junction. The left vertebral artery is slighlty dominant. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2. No regions of focal stenosis of the cervical vessels or circle of Willis. 3. Questionable 2-mm outpouching at the right MCA bifurcation. This may represent an aneurysm infundibulum or may be artifactual in nature. CTA may be obtained to clarify as clinically indicated. 4. Stable small focus of relative hypoenhancement in the left pituitary gland with minimal rightward deviation of the pituitary stalk. Clinically correlate for possibility of pituitary microadenoma. 5. Diffuse decrease in marrow signal probable stable from prior study clinical correlation with hematologic disorder.