Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'migraine']
FINDINGS:

There are small foci of increased intensity on long-TR images in the periventricular white matter near frontal horns and in more anterior right frontal subcortical white matter stable appearance. There is a focus of abnormal signal involving left frontal cortex (series 9 image 18) with very minimal encephalomalacia associated. There are no other abnormal foci of increased or decreased signal intensity. Ventricles cisterns and sulci are otherwise symmetric and normal in size and configuration. There is subtle enhancement associated with the right frontal periventricular hyperintensity (series 14 image 19) no other enhancing foci identified. No abnormal foci of susceptibility. Skull orbits and paranasal sinuses are unremarkable except for mild mucosal thickening left sphenoid and left greater than right ethmoid air cells and left maxillary sinus not substantially changed since prior. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. There is no change since the prior study except for technique. MR angiography Circle of Willis is unremarkable no convincing stenosis or aneurysm within limits of technique. Note is made that the acquisition does not cover origin of posterior inferior cerebellar artery despite inferior extent of imaging volume at anterior arch of C1.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute findings on MRI brain. Stable small focus of minimal encephalomalacia and signal abnormality left frontal cortex. The latter may indicate old ischemic or traumatic injury any history of complicated migraine? 2. Few nonspecific but stable white matter hyperintensities though one does show subtle enhancement right frontal periventricular white matter stable appearance although prior study was a noncontrast study suspect this represents a small capillary telangiectasia given lack of change on noncontrast imaging for a year. Consider another follow-up study in approximately 1 year to ensure stability depending on clinical findings. 3. Unremarkable MR angiogram circle of Willis though note is made that acquisition does not cover posterior inferior cerebellar artery origins.