Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

Examination degraded by patient motion artifact. Stable postsurgical changes including frontal craniotomy and prior right supraclinoid ICA aneurysm clipping. Grossly stable areas of encephalomalacia with associated gliosis consistent with sequelae of chronic insult involving right greater than left left inferior frontal lobes anterior basal ganglia thalami and brainstem. Again noted is a large heterogeneous sellar and suprasellar mass. Within limitations of current and previous studies no definite significant interval change in mass. Right parietal ventricular shunt catheter in stable position with tip in right frontal horn. Ventricular caliber grossly unchanged. Nonspecific stable areas of T2/flair prolongation in periventricular white matter. Small bilateral subdural collections are similar to slightly increased in size from prior. No significant midline shift. Stable T2 and T1 hyperintense right frontal sinus opacification could represent proteinaceous secretions/mucocele. Retention cysts in bilateral maxillary sinuses. Mild interval increase in diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement compared to more remote enhanced brain MR of 10/4/06. However there is new/ increased leptomeningeal enhancement predominating in right greater the left cerebral sulci with associated flair sulcal hyperintensity. This leptomeningeal enhancement is seen extending to the upper cervical canal see image number 15 of series 13.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable postsurgical changes. Stable sequelae of chronic insult in inferior frontal lobes basal ganglia thalami and brainstem. 2. Heterogeneous large sellar and suprasellar mass not significantly changed from prior compatible with known craniopharyngioma. 3. Mild interval increase in diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement with new/ increased leptomeningeal enhancement with flair hyperintensity involving right greater the left cerebral sulci and upper cervical canal. Findings are likely shunt related from intracranial hypotension. However correlation with CSF analysis can be considered to exclude underlying infection or leptomeningeal spread of disease which is thought to be less likely. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.