Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

Ventricles and sulci are normal in size and configuration. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. No restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. There is no pathologic parenchymal or meningeal enhancement. There is a chronic infarct in the right cerebellum. There is a chronic lacunar infarct in the right thalamus. There are moderate periventricular and subcortical foci of white matter T2 prolongation some of which are also within the corpus callosum. These are nonspecific can be seen with multiple sclerosis and/or sequela of chronic small vessel and perfusional ischemia. Incidental note of a partially empty sella. Visualized paranasal sinuses mastoids and orbits are unremarkable. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. The cavernous portions of the internal carotid arteries are tortuous and demonstrate mild ateriosclerotic irregularity without significant stenosis. There is a 1 mm focal outpouching in the inferior aspect of the left cavernous internal carotid artery which may represent focal ectasia or a small aneurysm. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation otherwise. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarction or acute intracranial abnormalities. 2. Foci of T2 prolongation in the periventricular and subcortical white matter as well as in the corpus callosum nonspecific and given patient's reported history of multiple sclerosis may represent a combination of MS lesions and sequela of chronic small vessel and perfusional ischemia. 3. Chronic infarct in the right cerebellum and right thalamus. 4. Patency of the intracranial circulation as above with focal ectasis vs. 1 mm aneurysm in the left cavernous internal carotid artery. Attending note: I agree except I believe the cavernous segment of the left internal carotid artery is probably normal. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.