Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Brain: There are numerous foci of increased T2 signal intensity within the deep periventricular and subcortical white matter of both cerebral hemispheres in keeping with demyelinating plaques of multiple sclerosis. Similar lesions are also seen in the bilateral thalami cerebellar hemispheres brainstem (largest in the left side of the midbrain) and corpus callosum. There is no associated restricted diffusion with any of these lesions. Following contrast administration none demonstrate enhancement. Bilateral fairly symmetrical encephalomalacia and T2 prolongation consistent with gliosis are seen in the inferior frontal lobes and to a lesser extent in the temporal lobes with mild ex vacuo dilation of the frontal horns of the lateral ventricles possibly related to prior traumatic injury. Correlate with clinical history. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The paranasal sinuses are well pneumatized. Cervical spine: Mild straightening. Vertebral alignment is unremarkable. Postsurgical changes are seen at the C5-6 level with adjacent susceptibility artifact also noted in the right anterior/lateral soft tissues of the neck correlate with clinical history. Multilevel disc desiccation and osteophytes are seen denoting moderate spondylotic changes. At the C4-5 level there is right eccentric broad-based disc herniation/osteophyte complex and associated uncovertebral facet arthropathy causing moderate spinal canal stenosis and mild to moderate left more than right foraminal narrowing. Adjacent cord T2 prolongation which they be related to spondylotic myelopathy versus a demyelinating plaque of multiple sclerosis or a combination thereof. There is also right posterolateral broad-based disc herniation/osteophyte complex associated with uncovertebral facet arthropathy at the C6-7 level causing mild spinal canal and foraminal stenosis (L&gt;R). C7-T1 central posterior disc protrusion without significant spinal canal stenosis or foraminal narrowing is also seen. There are multiple foci of T2 prolongation within the spinal cord including central and left lateral cord lesion at the C2 level central and left paramedian lesion at the C3 level lateral lesions on both sides at the C4 level and left sided lesions at the C5-6 and C6-7 levels. None of these lesions demonstrate abnormal enhancement. There is suggestion of mild cord atrophy. Thoracic spine: Vertebral alignment is unremarkable. Mild levoconvex scoliosis of the thoracic spine. Multilevel disc desiccation and osteophytes with degenerative marrow changes are noted denoting mild spondylotic changes. There are few disc bulges and protrusions of the thoracic spine without causing spinal canal stenosis or foramina narrowing. There are multiple foci of T2 prolongation within the spinal cord including central lesion at the T1-2 level central and right sided lesion at the T2-3 level which extends down to the T5-6 level left paramedian lesion at the T6 level right-sided lesion at the T6-7 level central and left paramedian lesion at the T7-8 level central lesion at the T8-9 and centrally since at T9 and T10 level left-sided lesion at the T7 level and central lesion at the T12 level. None of these lesions demonstrate abnormal enhancement. There is minimal cord atrophy. Bilateral renal cysts. Lobulated T2 hyperintense lesion is seen in the posterior right liver of uncertain nature. Advise clinical/ultrasound correlation.
IMPRESSION:

1. Findings in the brain and spinal cord are consistent with the given clinical diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. No convincing enhancing lesions are appreciated. Comparison with prior outside hospital imaging if available would be of value to a certain interval change/ evaluation of new lesions. 2. Encephalomalacia in inferior frontal and to a lesser extent in bilateral temporal lobes suggestive of sequela of prior traumatic injury. 3. Multilevel spondylotic changes of the cervical and thoracic spine with spinal canal and foraminal stenosis at the C4-5 and C6-7 levels. See above discussion for additional details. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.