Diseases: ['sarcoidosis', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

Brain: There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collection. The ventricles are normal in size. There is overall interval decrease in size of the two largest cerebral white matter T2/FLAIR hyperintense lesions including a right temporo-parietal-frontal lesion and a left frontal lesion with less edema and decreased size. There are some cystic foci within these lesions. There is however new small area of FLAIR hyperintensity with enhancement along the posterior margin of the left frontal lesion. Other scattered small foci of T2 prolongation within the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter of are stable to decreased and demonstrate no enhancement. There are no other new lesions. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly except for mild mucosal thickening in the lateral recess of the left sphenoid sinus. Bilateral orbits skull base and calvarium are unremarkable. Cervical Spine: No demyelinating lesions seen in the cervical spinal cord. There is multilevel degenerative disease of the cervical spine most pronounced at C5-6 with disc-osteophyte complex with a broad-based central and left paracentral/foraminal protrusion. There is moderate narrowing of the central canal and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy and mild to moderate left C5-6 neural foraminal narrowing. There is also mild disc osteopyte complex at C6-7 with mild narrowing of the canal. Thoracic Spine: No demyelinating lesions seen in the thoracic spinal cord. There are multiple probable hemangiomas at multiple thoracic spine levels. There are multiple lesions likely extensive lymphadenopathy in the right mediastinum.
IMPRESSION:

1. Overall decreased size of large right temporo-parietal-frontal and left frontal white matter lesions and stable to decreased additional multiple white matter lesions. Small new area of FLAIR hyperintensity with enhancement at the posterior margin of the left frontal lesion. No demyelinating lesions seen in the spinal cord. 2. Extensive lyphadenopathy of the right mediastinal regions. Differential diagnosis includes sarcoidosis lymphoma other lung/mediastinal neoplasm or chronic inflammatory/infectious causes. Recommend dedicated CT of the chest for further evaluation. 3. Degenerative disease of the cervical spine as described above worse at C5-6. These findings including the mediastinal findings anf recommendation were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Raymond Price at 12:00 pm on 02/04/10.