Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There is a suprasellar mass centered on the optic chiasm and infundibulum extending slightly along stalk. Measures about 9 mm in diameter and enhances homogeneously. There is possible enhancement along planum sphenoidale and posterior cribriform plate. There is increased intensity on T2-weighted images along optic tracts nonenhancing possibly edema. In the brain ventricles and CSF spaces are nearly symmetric and top normal in prominence for age. There are periventricular hyperintensities with evidence of encephalomalacia in the centrum semiovale and periventricular white matter bilaterally similar appearance. Additional more focal hyperintensities are seen in the posterior frontal medial subcortical white matter also stable. There is minimal fluid in the mastoid air cells but this was also seen previously. No convincing abnormal signal is appreciated in the brainstem or a lung deep white matter tracts nor do diffusion-weighted images show high signal to suggest active demyelination. No other abnormal enhancing foci. There may be very subtle symmetric increased intensity in anterior basal ganglia structures on T2-weighted images but this could be technical (study performed on different scanner than prior). No marked decrease in intensity on ADC maps.
IMPRESSION:

1. 1 mm homogeneously enhancing nodule centered in suprasellar region on infundibulum probably involving hypothalamus and optic chiasm is well with edema along optic tracts appearing since 1/25/2004 that the mass could be seen in retrospect on the CT dated 11/17/2007. 2. Possible subtle increased signal intensity and anterior basal ganglia structures on T2-weighted images different appearance than 2004 study; however it is more likely this is technical since a different scanner was used for today's study and signal intensity is similar to nearby cortex. No convincing brainstem or extrapontine signal abnormality in a pattern typical for myelinolysis. Discussed these and above findings with Dr. Dinardo. Recommend follow up if symptoms do not resolve (or progress). 3. Periventricular encephalomalacia extending into centrum semiovale relatively stable in appearance.