Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'myelinolysis', 'lymphoma', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

Again visualized is confluent high T2 signal abnormality and expansion within the pons stable in appearance as compared to the most recent brain MRI dated 6/13/08 but increased since the brain MRI dated 5/30/08. Again seen is associated restricted diffusion. There is no associated contrast enhancement. A new 8-9 mm focus of high T2/flair signal abnormality is visualized in the right cerebellar hemisphere. There is no associated restricted diffusion but this could be related to the small size of the lesion. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. Again seen is extensive fluid in the bilateral mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities. Again noted is a possible small hemangioma in the left frontal bone. MR perfusion demonstrates no significant elevation in rCBV in the area of pontine signal abnormality. MR spectroscopy in the area of pontine signal abnormality demonstrates no elevation of choline relative to the NAA peak. No lactate peak is identified. MRA of the circle of Willis demonstrates patency of the intracranial circulation. A left posterior communicating artery is visualized. A right posterior communicating artery is not visualized. The basilar atery and bilateral vertebral arteries are patent.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable nonenhancing high T2 signal abnormality with associated restricted diffusion in the pons. New 8-9 mm nonenhancing focus of signal abnormality in the right cerebellar hemisphere new since the prior study dated 6/13/08; this is felt unlikely to represent a site of extrapontine myelinolyis given the time course of imaging findings in this patient and is concerning for a possible focus of lymphoma although exact etiology cannot be determined on the basis of this study. Overall differential diagnosis based on the constellation of conventional and advanced imaging findings remains central pontine osmotic myelinolysis versus lymphoma although lymphoma may be slightly favored. 2. Patency of the intracranial circulation. 3. Extensive fluid in the bilateral mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities as on the prior study. Findings were discussed with Dr. Hasan at 1845 hours on 6/17/08.