Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'gliosis']
FINDINGS:

There are at least two solid enhancing masses one seen in the posterior roof of the third ventricle slightly superior to the level of the internal cerebral vein. The other lesion is seen at the right middle cerebellar peduncle. The lesion is low signal on T1 high on T2 with slight foci of low signal intensity on the T2 and demonstrates enhancement. There is significant dilatation of the fourth ventricle possibly from prior surgical resection. There is diffuse volume loss changes especially in the posterior fossa and left parietal lobe. Atrophy of the right superior and inferior colliculus extending into the mid pons. There are at least three ventricular shunt catheters from a left parietal approach with the tips projecting in the septum pellucidum and one in the other projecting at the foramen of Monro. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift. Extensive periventricular and deep white matter T2 prolongation  involving the brainstem and cerebellum could represent post treatment change. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Two enhancing lesions once seen in the expected location of the pineal galnd and the other in the right middle cebellar peduncle. Differential considerations include pineal gland tumor with dissemination. Other possibilities would include glioma. Please correlate with prior surgical history and prior exams available .2. Extensive postoperative and post-treatment changes in the deep white matter as detailed above. Attending interpretation: Agree with above. Post-surgical changes are seen. There is encephalomalacia involving the superior cerebellum and tectum. Abnormal enhancing lesion as noted above is seen along the quadrigeminal cistern extending towards the tectum. Second area of enhancement is seen extending from the tectum towards the right middle cerebellar peduncle. These regions of enhancement are suspicious for residual/recurrent neoplasm. This may represent either pineal neoplasm or tectal glioma. Correlation with prior studies would be helpful. Hyperintense signal within the midbrain may represent gliosis or nonenhancing neoplasm. Cerebral volume loss with extensive periventricular white matter hyperintensity may be sequela of prior radiation therapy. There are foci of susceptibility artifact seen scattered throughout the cerebrum which may represent small cavernomas. Diffuse meningeal enhancement is seen which may also be from prior treatment. There is expansion of the calvarial diploic space which may represent anatomic variant. Fluid is noted in the right mastoid air cells.