Diseases: ['neurocytoma']
FINDINGS:

There are postoperative changes compatible with left frontal craniotomy and resection of mass previously noted in the region of the septum pellucidum and left lateral ventricle. There is air blood products and edema/T2 hyperintensity in the left frontal lobe extending to the margin of the left lateral ventricle/margin of the corpus callosum. There is a small fluid-fluid level in the occipital horn of the left lateral ventricle representing layering blood products. There are blood products within the left lateral ventricle in the site of the patency noted enhancing mass. There is edema and blood products in the right caudate head. Diffusion weighted imaging demonstrates a small peripheral rind of high signal intensity around the cavity in the left frontal lobe and around the blood products in the right caudate head these areas are also dark on the ADC maps and are felt most likely to reflect blood products. When comparing the unenhanced and the enhanced images side-by-side and no solid areas of enhancement are noted. There is minimal peripheral enhancement around the surgical cavity. There is a small amount of enhancement along the ependyma of the frontal horn of the left lateral ventricle attention to this region on follow-up imaging is recommended. There is a left frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter which terminates in the occipital horn of the left lateral ventricle. There are blood products along the shunt catheter as it traverses the left frontal lobe. When compared to the preoperative study from 6/19/2008 there has been marked interval reduction in size of the left lateral ventricle and near total resolution of the deviation of the septum pellucidum from left to right. There is new indentation of the frontal horn of the right lateral ventricle related to basal ganglionic hemorrhage. Small amount of signal abnormality around the frontal horn of the left lateral ventricle likely represents a small amount of residual transependymal flow of cerebral spinal fluid. The previously noted tiny 3 mm T2 hyperintense lesion along the lateral ependymal surface of the left lateral ventricle which was present on the prior examination is less apparent on the current examination and may represent resolving adherant blood products.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval resection of previously noted mass that appeared to be related to the septum pellucidum within the left lateral ventricle differential considerations would include glioma in this older patient or less likely central neurocytoma. No residual solid enhancing tissue. Attention on follow-up imaging is recommended. See above. 2. No definite evidence for acute ischemia in the cortex of the brain. 3. Hemorrhage in the right basal ganglia in the caudate head. 4. Interval decrease in size of ventricular system as above with near complete resolution of deviation of the septum pellucidum