Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'meningioma', 'schwannoma', 'schwannoma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Brain: Significant interval growth of bilateral enhancing cerebellopontine angle tumors likely schwannomas. Both enter into their respective internal auditory canals. Both show some heterogeneity indicating necrotic or cystic degeneration. The right now measures 52 mm; the left 39 mm. They compress the pons and medulla and there is mild effacement at the foramen magnum and the quadrigeminal plate cistern. There is hydrocephalus of the lateral ventricles third ventricle and aqueduct with mild transependymal CSF flow. There is also significant interval growth of the enhancing tumor in the right orbit with increased proptosis of the right globe. It has increased in size from 3.7 to 4.5 cm. The mass surrounds the optic nerve. It probably extends through the right superior orbital fissure into the cavernous sinus. Enhancing tumor along the bilateral fifth nerves are also noted probably also increased in size although the cisternal components are difficult to separate from the vestibular schwannomas given their size. Tumor on the right extends into the cavernous sinus and Meckel's cave. Tumor on the left extends into the cavernous sinus Meckel's cave foramen rotundum and foramen ovale. Enhancing tumor is also noted at the left skull base I believe in the left jugular foramen. This tumor is similzr in size to the prior study. An enhancing extra-axial mass at the left lateral convexity has increased in size from 5 to 9 mm. A second enhancing extra-axial mass at the falx has increased from 6 to 10 mm. Retention cyst in left nasopharynx is no longer seen. C-spine: Laminectomies from C1 through C4. Multiple intramedullary and intradural-extramedullary tumors to be described in further detail below. Intradural-extramedullary enhancing tumor to the right of the cord at C1-2 has probably slightly grown since 2004. Intradural-extramedullary enhancing tumor to the right of the cord at C2-3 extending out the right foramen probably unchanged since 2000. Intramedullary tumor in the central cord at C2-3 has probably grown since 2000; it was not well seen before. Intradural-extramedullary enhancing tumor to the left of the cord at C4 probably extending through the left C4-5 neural foramen (post-contrast images are degraded by motion artifacts). Probably grown since 2000. Intramedullary central signal abnormality at C3-4 slightly increased in size since 2000. Intradural-extramedullary enhancing tumor posterior to the cord at C7 slightly increased in size since 2000. Paraspinal tumor to the right at T1-2. Multiple tumors are also noted in the bilateral neural foramina. These are not well seen as the axial post-contrast images are degraded by motion artifacts. Increasing kyphosis of the cervical spine. T-spine: Probable intradural-extramedullary tumors along the surface of the cord at T2 T5 T6. Posterior thickening at T7-8 may be ligament as no significant enhancement is appreciated. Intradural-extramedullary tumor anterior to the cord at T10 slightly to right of midline. Intramedullary enhancing tumor at T11. Intradural-extramedullary and intramedullary tumors at T12. Multiple intradural-extramedullary tumors at the conus. L-spine: Multiple enhancing tumors along the nerve roots largest at L5-S1 with posterior remodeling of the vertebral bodies of L5 and S1. Tumor extends out the right neural foramina at L5 and S1. A second tumor is present at L2-3. There is a large cystic structure in the pelvis probably an enlarged bladder. Please note that the sagittal and axial post-contrast images do not include the entire sacrum.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval growth of multiple intracranial schwannomas and meningiomas. In particular the bilateral vestibular schwannomas have grown and now exert mass effect on the brainstem and cerebellum with resulting hydrocephalus. 2. Bilateral fifth schwannomas have probably also grown. Intracranial meningiomas show slight interval growth. 3. Right orbital tumor has grown with more proptosis. Probable meningioma cannot exclude schwannoma as there is also tumor in the right superior orbital fissure. 4. Tumor at left skull base probably along jugular foramen may also be schwannoma. 5. Multiple spinal tumors likely combination of schwannomas meningiomas and ependymomas. Many show interval growth as noted above. 6. Bladder is enlarged perhaps neurogenic. 7. Post-operative changes from previous resection of cervical meningioma.