Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status post right suboccipital craniotomy for a large CP angle mass resection. Postoperative changes are seen including extra-axial fluid and blood products in the right posterior fossa. While the patient's preoperative MRI is not available to us for accurate comparison the right cerebellopontine angle and internal auditory canal mass has for the most part been resected. There are blood products within the cerebellopontine angle and internal auditory canal. There is a small amount of enhancement within the right internal auditory canal. There is some edema in the right cerebellar hemisphere. There is a small focus of restricted diffusion in adjacent and immediately to the right of the fourth ventricle in the right inferior cerebellar peduncle. There is mild enhancement along the cerebellar sulci/folia. There is some post operative dural/tentorial enhancement. There continues to be some effacement of the supratentorial sulci. There is high signal on FLAIR imaging within the sulci suggestive of a combination of the presence of subarachnoid blood and sulcal effacement. There continues to be inferior displacement of the right cerebellar tonsil with crowding of soft tissue at the foramen magnum though compared to the preoperative scan the mass effect on the brainstem and cerebellar peduncle has considerably improved. The ventricles are dilated but improved compared to the preoperative CT examination with degree in the degree of hydrocephalus. The size of the ventricles is stable compared to the postoperative CT. There is mild surrounding T2/FLAIR hyperintensity suggestive of transependymal flow of CSF. A right parietal approach ventriculostomy catheter is seen which terminates in the right lateral ventricle. The tract of a prior right frontal approach catheter is also seen. Blood is also seen layering in the bilateral occipital horns similar to the recent CT from 2/10/2010. There are enhancing smaller mass lesions along the bilateral trigeminal nerves and posterior aspect of Meckel's caves bilaterally in keeping with trigeminal distribution schwannomas. There is also an enhancing mass lesion in the left internal auditory canal and cerebellopontine angle. There is a tiny enhancing lesion of the left ocular motor nerve. These findings are seen in neurofibromatosis type II. The mild mucosal thickening in the left maxillary sinus and a small amount of fluid in the left sphenoid sinus. There is fluid and opacification in the right mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postoperative changes of right cerebellopontine and IAC mass resection with details as above. 2. Hydrocephalus with decrease in size of the ventricles compared to preoperative CT scan. Intraventricular blood. Residual signs of transependymal flow of CSF. 3. Multiple enhancing lesions along the bilateral fifth cranial nerves left third cranial nerve and left cerebella pontine angle/internal auditory canal in keeping with schwannomas a finding seen in neurofibromatosis type II.