Diseases: ['neurocytoma', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Appearing to primarily arise from septum and expand the right lateral ventricle pushing into the anterior third ventricle there is a large (approximately 7.1 x 3.8 cm) heterogeneous T1 hypointense and T2 iso/hyperintense mass with prominent flow voids and avid enhancement indicating vascularity at least distorting if not incorporating the choroid plexus. This appears to be centered on the septum pellucidum and likely crosses septum into the left lateral ventricle. There is no definite extraventricular invasion of the brain parenchyma; though on image 36 of series 13 for example there is a subcentimeter focus of signal abnormality in the periventricular white matter where parenchymal invasion is doubtful but not completely excluded. There is no appreciable midline shift. The mass likely exerts mass effect on the hypothalamic/optic chiasmatic regions and optic recess without actually arising from these regions; however an intraaxial component can not be completely excluded. T1 and T2 hypointense regions within this mass and marked magnetic susceptibility indicate likely calcification/mineralization. Enlargement of the lateral ventricles right greater than left may be on the basis of partial obstruction to cerebrospinal fluid flow or direct mass effect on the boundaries of the ventricle. The right internal cerebral vein is enlarged and a portion of it and its supply is encased by the mass. The left internal cerebral vein is patent and normal in caliber. There are also foci of FLAIR and T2 signal hyperintensity within the subcortical white matter of the left anterior medial temporal lobe without appreciable mass effect which are nonspecific and not associated with abnormal enhancement in these areas following contrast administration there are nonspecific but abnormal for age. Multivoxel proton spectroscopy results were noncontributory with this location apparent mineral and overall appearance of mass. Perfusion imaging was also performed. While the relative blood volume was increased in the region of the mass this is not as helpful in an intraventricular location.
IMPRESSION:

1. Primary intraventricular mass in right lateral ventricle with crossover through septum into left lateral ventricle appearing to arise from septum; possible but less likely hypothalamic/chiasmatic component and more likely distortion/compression of these structures. Encasement of enlarged right internal cerebral vein (see comment). Given its location presence of mineralization and enhancement and age of patient differential diagnoses include: central neurocytoma ependymoma and less likely choroid plexus papilloma or metastasis. 2. T2 hyperintensities in left anterior medial temporal lobe white matter of uncertain etiology abnormal for age. Comparison with prior imaging studies if available or atttention to this area on follow-up studies is recommended to assess stability.