Diseases: ['glioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple peripherally and solidly enhancing masseswithin the left frontal and temporal lobes and left insularcortex. These masses demonstrate regions of elevated cerebralblood volumes on perfusion imaging and are therefore consistentwith history of glioblastoma multiforme. However it should benoted that pilocytic astrocytoma may also have elevated cerebralblood volumes on perfusion imaging. There is diffusion T2/FLAIRsignal hyperintensity surrounding the above mentioned lesionsthat indicate surrounding edema gliosis and/or post radiationchanges. Infiltrating neoplasm can not be excluded given historyof glioblastoma. There is no midline shift associated with any ofthese lesions.In addition there is very subtle T2 signal hyperintensity withinthe hippocampi bilaterally that do not enhance and may representsubtle spongiform changes of neurofibromatosis.The intraorbital components of the optic nerves are abnormalappearing bilaterally. They are bilaterally enlarged (rightgreater than left). Optic nerve gliomas can not be excluded. Itis unclear if the right optic nerve enlargement is due to opticnerve glioma versus post- operative changes given that the rightoptic nerve does not enhance and there has been resection of theright globe as previously described. Dedicated enhanced orbitalMRI with fat suppression would be of value in evaluating thisfinding if of clinical concern.There is mild ventriculomegaly. No extra-axial fluid collectionsare seen. incidental note is made of an enlarged and emptypituitary sella.There are inflammatory changes of the paranasal sinuses mostnotably in the sphenoid sinuses.There is a small right frontal burr hole.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple peripherally and solidly enhancing masses in the leftfrontal temporal and left insular cortex that demonstrateelevated cerebral blood volumes on perfusion imaging and areconsistent with pt 's known history of glioblastoma multiforme.2. Subtle non-enhancing bilateral hippocampal signalhyperintensity on T2 /FLAIR weighted images likely representingspongiform changes of neurofibromatosis Type 1.3. S/p right globe resection and bilateral optic nerveenlargement. Optic nerve gliomas can not be excluded. Dedicatedenhanced orbital MRI with fat suppression is advised if this is ofclinical concern.4. Mild ventriculomegaly with incidentally noted enlarged andempty pituitary sella.5. Mild inflammatory changes of the sphenoid sinuses.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation