Diseases: ['meningioma', 'neurocytoma']
FINDINGS:

There is a large (approximately 5.2 x 2.1 cm heterogeneous mass centered in the left lateral ventricle which extends from the body of the left lateral ventricle inferiorly and posteriorly into the atria. There is resultant rightward mass effect on the septum pellucidum. There is no hydrocephalus. The mass is in close apposition to the choroid plexus in the left atria not definitively separate from the choroid plexus. It is near isointense to gray matter anteriorly on T1 and T2 weighted images. The posterior portion demonstrates decreased T2 signal and susceptibility artifact likely representing calcification. Following contrast administration there is marked diffuse heterogeneous enhancement. There is no restricted diffusion. Perfusion images demonstrate markedly elevated relative tumor blood volume (6-7x normal white matter). MR spectroscopy demonstrates decrease in NAA and elevated choline. There may be an alanine peak as well. There is no intra-axial fluid collection. No abnormalities are present in the CSF spaces. There is no acute transcortical infarct. Flow voids are maintained. There is opacification of the bilateral mastoid air cells and right middle ear. Prominence of the nasopharyngeal mucosa and asymmetric prominence of the left posterior lateral oropharynx is noted. Direct visualization is recommended. In addition there are prominent left retropharyngeal lymph nodes which do not meet imaging criteria for adenopathy. These findings may be reactive change in response to the process in the mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Large intraventricular heterogeneous mass with avid enhancement. Differential considerations include intraventricular meningioma and less likely central neurocytoma glioma and metastatic disease. No hydrocephalus. 2. Prominence of the left posterolateral oropharynx and nasopharyngeal soft tissues with scattered retropharyngeal lymph nodes on the left. These findings may be reactive in nature with obstruction of the mastoid air cells and right middle ear. See above and correlate clinically.