Diseases: ['neurocytoma']
FINDINGS:

There is an approximately 4 cm heterogeneous mass which is centered in right corona radiata/centrum semiovale with extension to posterior and superior right thalamus. It shows irregular aggressive-appearing enhancement and apparent central necrosis and possibly cystic component and there is a small amount of signal abnormality which extends into but not across the corpus callosum. A portion of the mass appears to extend into the ventricle choroid cannot be separated from it. While origin appears primarily intra axial and intraventricular component and less likely origin is not excluded. There is mostly local mass effect but there is minimal midline shift to the left of less than 5 mm. Mass effect appears minimally improved compared to outside imaging study but the overall appearance is otherwise similar. On source images for perfusion-weighted images (T2*-weighted) there is marked decreased intensity consistent with susceptibility artifact within the mass which is more prominent inferiorly and less prominent superiorly. The mass is surrounded by abnormal increased signal intensity on T2-weighted images in a vasogenic edema pattern uncertain whether all edema or whether there may be infiltrating neoplasm. There is minimal compression and effacement of the body of the right lateral ventricle and there is minimal dilatation of the temporal horn which may indicate early trapping. CT scan from outside shows heavy calcification which explains much of the susceptibility artifact. On perfusion-weighted images accuracy in interpretation is limited as there is marked susceptibility artifact as noted above. Portions which do not show marked susceptibility artifact especially superiorly do show a foci of elevated blood volume including associated with rim of enhancement superiorly. 2-D spectroscopic imaging shows abnormal spectra associated with the wall of enhancement around the mass where there is elevation and lipid and lactate. In general most subvoxels do not show marked decrease in an egg but there are local elevations of calling relative to creatine especially along anterior part of mass. Enhancing rim is not particularly well-defined however spectra in surrounding edema show more normal metabolic ratios which may indicate that the mass is relatively well defined at least superiorly. Estimates of corticospinal tract path were generated and show right corticospinal tract deflected anteriorly and in close proximity to mass along the anterior aspect . Functional MRI: On the bilateral finger tapping task expected activation is seen along the left sensorimotor cortex and can also be seen in the distorted sensorimotor cortex on the right. This is located superior and slightly anterior to most superior portion of the mass. Activation for left hand extends inferiorly to within 5-10 mm of the edge of enhancement. Activation for left foot tapping localizes to the expected region medial frontal parietal region on right but with probable mild recruitment on left. Tongue motion shows activation on right near the facial part of sensorimotor cortex anterior to the mass displaced interior on the right relative to the left and within surrounding edema/infiltrating component.
IMPRESSION:

1. Right frontoparietal mass marked head signal heterogeneity and irregular peripheral enhancement origin appears intra-axial but with apparent intraventricular component or mass cannot be separated confidently from choroid. An intraventricular origin is not excluded. Differential diagnosis includes primary glial neoplasm with potential oligodendroglial component which could be high grade although elevated relative blood volume can be seen in lower grade oligodendroglial neoplasms as well. Other possibilities include ependymoma less likely atypical neurocytoma. 2. Functional MRI was successful in identifying the motor locations for face hands and foot. Hand activation is within 5-10 mm of anterior/superior enhancing aspect of mass on the right and corticospinal tract is deflected anteriorly in close proximity to the anterior aspect of mass. Facial motor activity is anterolateral within surrounding edema or infiltrating neoplasm. Hard copies provided to Dr. O'Rourke. Dr. Wolf was present for entire study and was responsible for protocol evaluating patient prior to study.