Diseases: ['oligodendroglioma']
FINDINGS:

Prior left frontal craniotomy/resection. There is a lobular left frontal lobe mass with minimally heterogeneous increased T2 and FLAIR signal intensity measuring 2.7 x 4.5 cm greatest transverse dimension. There is mixed linear and nodular enhancement within the center of this lesion. More linear appearance may be vascular and/or postsurgical but more focal nodular portion less easily explained and not evident on original study in march 2011 measures just under 10mm. There is less pronounced enhancement within the rest of the neoplasm. The mass involves superior greater than middle frontal gyrus anteriorly and extends posteriorly to abut the frontal horn of the left lateral ventricle slightly displacing it posteriorly. There is cortical expansion and subcortical white matter frontal lobe involved but no evidence of extension across the genu of corpus callosum to the right side. There is a mild decreased diffusion at periphery of the mass. Compared to most recent outside study June 25 2012 the appearance is similar; however lesion has progressively enlarged since March 2012 outside study and more convincingly since more distant January 2012 and June 2011 studies. Comparing to the preoperative outside study March 6 2011 the pattern is similar with the following exceptions: No striking enhancement was seen on that study and the lesion appeared more heterogeneous with central fluid intensity possibly cystic features on that study and more solid appearance on current study. Perfusion images demonstrate increased rCBV in within the majority of the neoplasm at about 5 to10 times contralateral normal appearing white matter. MR spectroscopy demonstrates increased choline to creatinine and choline to NAA ratio on both short and intermediate TE acquisitions lipid/lactate apparent at short TE but lactate not clearly demonstrated at intermediate TE. Spectra are consistent with neoplasm but normalize outside edge of signal abnormality posteriorly so at least some of the mass appears defined. Functional MRI: The patient understood the instructions and was able to perform tasks as ascertained by interview as well as review of real-time activation maps during the imaging session. Postprocessing quality control assessment demonstrated no excessive motion on any tasks. Language tasks include verb and word generation sentence completion and picture naming. Language tasks demonstrated prominent activation in the left frontal operculum as well as prefrontal and premotor regions including supplemental motor area concordant with expected expressive language areas and confirming left hemisphere dominance. Activation in receptive areas superior left temporal lobe and perisylvian regions also noted. There is a consistent area of activation in inferior left frontal lobe/prefrontal region which is within less than 5 mm from abnormal FLAIR signal intensity. Several nonspecific foci of activation on word generation and sentence completion along and in the medial aspect and also inferior to the mass are of uncertain function/eloquence. Supplemental motor activation is in proximity to posterior superior aspect of mass on multiple tasks within 5-10mm. Tractography was generated from DTI data for inferior occipitofrontal fasciculus passing inferior to mass. The anterior fibers of the superior longitudinal fasciculus were not well optimally tracked but mid and posterior fibers appeared within normal limits. The rest of the brain parenchymal is unremarkable with no masses intracranial hemorrhage acute infarction midline shift or extra-axial collection. Subtle enhancing focus posterior medial right frontal lobe is most consistent with telangiectasia or developmental venous anomaly (series 35 image 136) stable. Mild circumferential mucosal thickening in bilateral maxillary sinuses and bilateral ethmoidal air cells. The mastoid air cells are clear. The orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. Lobulated enhancing left frontal lobe neoplasm with high blood volume progressive growth since June 2011 though similar appearance to most recent outside study June 2012. Pattern suggests high grade glioma. If oligodendroglioma or mixed glioma with oligodendroglial components blood volume could be increased with lower grade neoplasm and at least the posterior edge of the mass appears defined but the mass is growing. Correlate with original pathology. 2. Functional MRI for language demonstrates left dominant language. There is less than 5-mm distance between the neoplasm and expressive language area(s) additional foci of activation inferior and medial to mass are of uncertain eloquence. See findings for details. 3. Images for review of functional and tractography data are provided in series number since 604-616. Registered images for STEALTH navigation are as follows: 701- 3D T1 postcontrast 702 - word generation fMRI 704 - verb generation fMRI 706 - sentence completion fMRI 708 - picture naming fMRI 710 - fiber tracts (superior longitudinal and inferior frontal occipital fasciculus) 711 - thin section FLAIR. Note that not all activating foci are absolutely eloquent and lack of activation does not necessarily imply lack of function. Similarly lack of visualization of fibers does not necessarily imply lack of connectivity. Correlate with awake mapping if feasible. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation