Diseases: ['oligodendroglioma']
FINDINGS:

No internal comparison studies.There is approximately 3.9 x 6.6 cm (transverse) by 5.2 cm(superior inferior) mass in the right posterior medial frontallobe distorting the central sulcus. It is somewhat heterogeneouson long-TR images but is primarily increased intensity andanother cystic component on the posterior inferior aspect(contrast was not given as a part of the study). The centralsulcus appears displaced posteriorly by the mass. mass isrelatively well-defined except for posterior inferior aspect weremargins are a little more blurred. The cortex is involved.There are a few nonspecific hyperintensities in the white matter uncertain relationship to dominant mass if any.Functional MRI shows activation correspond to hand movementposterior lateral to the mass and minimal activation on the leftmedially potentially corresponding to the supplemental motor area.The supplemental motor area is not clearly seen on the right although the mass is in the expected location.On spin labeled perfusion imaging the average blood flowthroughout the mass is less than that of the global averageregional blood flow. There are some foci superomedially whichappear to have higher blood flow with maximum compared to globalcerebral blood flow ratio of about 1.4. This is borderlinebetween high and low grade. The majority of the mass hasdecreased relative cerebral blood flow however.Single and multivoxel spectroscopy were abnormal with elevatedcholine and decreased NAA as well as lipid and lactate peakssuggestive of neoplasm. Higher grade is favored with spectroscopyresults. Single voxel spectroscopy also showed a possible(unexpected) acetoacetate peak and slightly elevated glucose uncertain etiology. Is there a history of diabetes and/or steroidadministration?
IMPRESSION:

1. Functional MRI performed for mapping of motor strip.Hardcopies provided to Dr. Judy.2. Spin labeled perfusion studies suggest lower grade with apossible exception of some foci superomedially which areborderline for high versus low grade.3. Spectroscopy is consistent with neoplasm with findings moresuggestive of higher grade including presence of lipid andlactate. Findings could be consistent with low or high gradelesion consider oligodendroglioma or anaplasticoligodendroglioma. Correlate with outside studies for contrastenhancement and/or future STEALTH studies.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation