Diseases: ['oligodendroglioma', 'lipoma']
FINDINGS:

There are postsurgical changes from prior left-sided craniotomy. There is nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement adjacent to the craniotomy site. There are postsurgical changes in the left inferior frontal/opercular region with nonspecific but prominent susceptibility (which could reflect blood products or less likely calcification) within the expected region of the resection cavity. Deep to the resection cavity there is nonspecific FLAIR signal abnormality extending to the left frontal corona radiata; there may be mild mass-effect associated with this signal abnormality evidence by mild effacement of the insula and left frontal sulci. Along the posterior lateral margin of this FLAIR hyperintensity there is suggestion of a faint 4 x 3 x 3 mm focus of enhancement (image 15 series 1001 and image 10 series 1101). Distal to the resection cavity along the inferior lateral margin left temporal lobe there is a nonspecific FLAIR hyperintensity within the subcortical white matter which may extend to cortex measuring up to 12 mm in maximal dimension without evident enhancement. Nonspecific FLAIR hyperintensity is noted along the inferior margin frontal horn right lateral ventricle and left superior frontal subcortical white matter. No convincing hippocampal signal abnormality. There is no midline shift or ventriculomegaly. Mucous retention cyst is noted left maxillary sinus. Generalized hypointense appearance of the imaged marrow on T1 weighted sequences. Imaged orbits are unremarkable. Nonspecific fluid left more so than right mastoid air cells. Trace ethmoidal mucosal changes. 9-mm T1 hyperintense focus without apparent enhancement is noted within the superficial lobe right parotid.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes from left-sided craniotomy for resection of reported left frontal oligodendroglioma. FLAIR signal abnormality is present about the resection cavity with evidence of mild local mass effect and a small focus of enhancement along the posterior lateral aspect of this FLAIR signal abnormality concerning for residual/recurrent neoplasm. Direct comparison with prior imaging is essential. 2. Nonenhancing FLAIR signal abnormality within the left temporal lobe. While nonspecific this could reflect a multicentric component of patient's underlying neoplasm. Direct comparison with prior imaging is essential. 3. 9-mm T1 hyperintensity within the superficial lobe of right parotid. While this could represent a small lipoma follow-up examination with fat-suppressed postcontrast imaging would be helpful for definitive characterization.