Diseases: ['meningioma', 'metastasis', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

There is a 4.1 x 3.9 x 4.7 (TR by AP by CC) centimeter mass within the atrium of the right lateral ventricle which is slightly hypointense to gray matter on T1 on T2 sequences which shows avid heterogeneous enhancement. There are scattered areas of diffusion restriction hyperintense suggesting increase cellularity as well as susceptibility effects suggesting mineralization and/or blood product. No additional enhancing lesions are identified. The atrium of the right lateral ventricle is expanded with mild adjacent T2 prolongation within the brain parenchyma which can be related to mass effect and/or trapped ventricle with associated transependymal flow of CSF. There is no midline shift. The basal cisterns are patent. There is additional nonspecific nonenhancing periventricular deep and subcortical white matter T2 prolongation probably sequela of small vessel ischemic change. Multiple small foci of encephalomalacia are noted within the centrum semi ovale bilaterally and corona radiata on the left findings consistent with ischemic/hypoperfusion injury superimposed on chronic microvascular ischemia. Small hyperintense foci in the basal ganglia are likely prominent perivascular spaces. There is no acute infarct or extra-axial collection. A normal flow void is not appreciated within the left internal carotid artery suggesting occlusion. MRA may be helpful for further characterization if one has not already been performed. Spectroscopic analysis demonstrates elevated choline to creatine and choline to NAA ratios consistent with a neoplastic spectrum. No definite alanine peak is appreciated. Perfusion analysis demonstrates significant elevation of relative cerebral blood volume up to 8 times that of normal white matter.
IMPRESSION:

1. Avidly heterogeneously enhancing 4 cm intraventricular mass within the right atrium with foci of diffusion restriction suggesting increased cellular content susceptibility effects suggesting mineral deposition and/or hemorrhage elevated relative cerebral blood volume and a neoplastic spectrum. Atrium of the right lateral ventricle is expanded and there is adjacent parenchymal T2 prolongation possibly related to mass effect versus trapped ventricle with transependymal flow of CSF. Differential considerations include intraventricular meningioma less likely metastasis or choroid plexus papilloma/carcinoma. 2. Small vessel ischemic/hypoperfusion changes within the cerebral white matter left greater than right. Absence of normal flow void within the left internal carotid artery suggesting occlusion. MRA may provide additional information if one has not already been performed.