Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Extensive susceptibility artifact over the left frontal lobe from ventriculoperitoneal shunt reservoir is present which degrades image quality over the left hemisphere. The patient is seen to be status post right frontal cranioplasty and right frontal approach brain biopsy. There are areas of T2 hyperintense signal surrounding biopsy cavity coming keeping with a small amount of blood products. There is a mild/moderate amount of edema surrounding the biopsy cavity. There is layering intraventricular blood in the occipital horns of lateral ventricles. There is a small amount of intrahemispheric and right frontal pneumocephalus as well as moderate bilateral frontal war pneumocephalus. The ventricles and sulci are unchanged in size compared to most recent prior CT of 6/7/2010 however the lateral and third ventricles appear slightly larger than on the preoperative MR of 6/2/2010. There is a left frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter with tip terminating in the left lateral ventricle unchanged in position from the prior CT. Again seen are post surgical changes from resection of left thalamic tumor. Again seen is an irregular peripherally enhancing mass in the left caudothalamic groove. There are solid nodular enhancing components medially. There is also evidence of expansion of the optic chiasm most evident on image 15 on series 2. Enhancement of the optic chiasm is visible on both the axial and coronal scan see image 13 series 8. This represents a significant change from prior examinations. The chiasm appeared normal on the study of June 2009. No definite enhancement was visible on the study of February 2010. The peripheral enhancement and involvement of the chiasm would suggest the possibility of radiation injury. There shall large amount of surrounding edema in the left basal ganglia left thalamus and white matter of the left frontal and temporal lobes. Things may represent recurrent tumor although radiation necrosis is also possibility. The appearance of this is unchanged since the prior MR of 6/2/2010.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes from right frontal approach brain biopsy as detailed above. 2. Mild to moderate hydrocephalus. Left frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter unchanged in position. 3. Enhancing left sided brain lesion along with involvement of the optic chiasm. Favor radiation necrosis particularly the chiasmatic involvement but recurrent tumor could not be excluded on the basis of this imaging. The findings were relayed directly to Dr. Syre at 4 p.m. on June 8 2010.