Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'astrocytoma', 'metastasis', 'normal', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is asymmetric prominence of the right palatine tonsil suggestive of prior left tonsillectomy. No evidence of local recurrence is noted. There is a multilocular lobulated 3.2 x 3.5 x 5.1 cm mass containing multiple fluid-fluid levels and multiple internal septations within the anterior left neck most consistent with neck metastasis. 6 mm round left level 3 and 4 nodes are also noted. There is increased T2 signal and persistence of contrast suggestive of slow flow in the focally compressed by the above mentioned cystic mass left internal jugular vein. There may be a small 5 mm T2 hyperintense nodule in the inferior right thyroid lobe. A 9 mm nodule is noted in the left adrenal gland incompletely evaluated on the current study.
IMPRESSION:

1. Avidly enhancing heterogeneous mass in the inferior aspect of the fourth ventricle with scattered cysts extending through foramina of Magendie and Luschka goes in mass effect on the superior court medulla and inferior pons without change in signal in these structures producing communicating hydrocephalus with suggestion of early transependymal CSF resorption no sulcal effacement and thing in the corpus callosum. The mass appears to originate from the floor of the fourth ventricle. Differential considerations include ependymoma and less likely choroid plexus carcinoma/papilloma. Pilocytic astrocytoma is a remote possibility given patient's age and appearance of the lesion. Metastasis cannot be completely excluded but are unlikely. 2. Normal neck MRA. 3. Degenerative changes in the cervical spine most pronounced at C5-6 level where there is deformity and flattening of the cord via a suggestion of myelopathy and myelomalacia. 4. Questionable nonspecific lesion at the T2-3 level within the thoracic cord without definite enhancement or cord expansion. Attention on follow up imaging is recommended. 5. Mild degenerative changes in the lumbar spine without evidence of conus medullaris of cauda equina lesions. 6. Findings suggestive of prior left tonsillectomy. No evidence of local recurrence. Likely multilocular cystic metastasis in the left neck. 6 mm round left level 3 and 4 nodes are also noted. Comparison to prior exams is recommended. 7. A 5 mm nodule in the inferior thyroid lobe. Clinical correlation is recommended. If warranted ultrasound could be used for further evaluation. 8. A 9 mm nodule in the left adrenal gland incompletely evaluated on the current study. Consider dedicated imaging for further evaluation. Above findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Syre of the neurosurgical service at 6:11 p.m. on 3/6/10.