Diseases: ['metastasis', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

MRI examination of the brain was performed usingsagittal T1 axial T2 FLAIR diffusion and axial and coronalpost contrast T1 weighted sequences. Single- and multi-voxelspectroscopy was performed within a fourth ventricular lesion atmultiple echo times. There are no prior MR studies forcomparison although CT from same day is available.Today's examination demonstrates a lesion within the fourthventricle with minimally increased signal intensity on T1 andintermediate increased intensity on T2 -weighted images. There issolid but slightly heterogeneous (right greater than left)enhancement of the lesion upon administration of intravenouscontrast. The lesion causes mild distortion of the fourthventricle however the supratentorial ventricular system is normalin size and shape. It measures 1.6 x 1.0 x 1.7 cm (height x AP xwidth). There are no cystic components.MR spectroscopy revealed increased myo-inositol on signal voxelspectrum at TE=35msec  but usual brain metabolites werevisualized as well within the lesion. This could be due to partialvolume averaging with surrounding brain. The pattern is ofuncertain significance in this setting.No other abnormalities noted. There is no midline shift.Diffusion weighted imaging is unremarkable. The gray-white matterjunction to normal. The intracranial flow voids are normal aswell. Other than the fourth ventricular lesion there is noabnormal enhancement. Note is made heterogeneous and somewhatdecreased signal from the clival and upper cervical spine marrowfor age.
IMPRESSION:

1. Fourth ventricular enhancing mass as detailed above which hassignal characteristics suggesting neoplasm with increasedcellularity. Given history of lung neoplasm the most likelyetiology is metastasis to choroid. Depending on pathology of lungneoplasm other differential considerations also include lymphoma less likely ependymoma or exophytic glioma. Incidental discoveryof choroid plexus papilloma is possible but there is nohydrocephalus. Suggest imaging of spine/cord followed by CSFsampling.2. Marrow of clivus and upper C-spine appears decreased inintensity nonspecific sometimes seen in chronic anemia but canindicate diffuse marrow infiltrative process.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation