Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes related to prior suboccipital craniectomy. There are postsurgical changes within the left cerebellar resection bed with mild persistent FLAIR signal abnormality. While there is mild pachymeningeal enhancement and scalp soft tissue enhancement adjacent to the craniectomy site/resection bed there is no convincing evidence of persistent enhancement within the resection bed corresponding to the patient's prior enhancing left cerebellar mass. There is a similar appearing enhancing mass centered within and expanding left Meckel's cave measuring approximately 1.5 x 1.2 cm in axial plane and 9 mm craniocaudally which is similar in appearance to most recent prior exam. This mass abuts foramen ovale and in the petrous/cavernous transition of the left internal carotid artery which appears patent. There is approximately 2 x 3 mm enhancing nodular focus adjacent to the ventral surface of the cervical cord at C2 C3 incompletely imaged on the current exam however similar in appearance to more recent prior MRI cervical spine and worrisome for leptomeningeal dissemination of disease. No additional enhancing leptomeningeal lesions are identified within the intracranial contents. There are diffuse T2/FLAIR hyperintensities scattered throughout the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter which appear somewhat more confluent in the periventricular white matter. These findings are present however to lesser degree within the brainstem and are stable in appearance however are nonspecific. There is stable mild to moderate generalized parenchymal volume loss with ventriculomegaly which is slightly greater than that expected for volume loss; the temporal horns do not appear dilated. Sequela of a prior left basal ganglionic infarct are redemonstrated with associated hemosiderin staining and superimposed ex vacuo dilatation of the left lateral ventricle. There is no restricted diffusion. New nonspecific focus of susceptibility left frontal periventricular white matter with other stable scattered nonspecific foci of susceptibility. There is no extra-axial fluid collection. There is no midline shift. Nonspecific fluid bilateral mastoid air cells. Spondylotic changes of the upper cervical spine are noted. There is T1 hyperintense appearance of the imaged skull base and upper cervical spine marrow which could reflect sequela of radiation therapy.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes and resolving edema related to prior resection of a left cerebellar enhancing mass. No residual enhancement is identified. 2. Enhancing focus along the ventral surface of the cervical cord at C2 C3 worrisome for leptomeningeal spread of disease. Please see recent prior MRI cervical spine for complete assessment. No other suspicious areas of leptomeningeal enhancement intracranially to suggest intracranial dissemination of disease. 3. Similar appearing 1.5-cm enhancing mass within left Meckel's cave. By report this mass was present and had similar measurements on an MR exam in 1995. Direct imaging comparison to prior exam would be helpful to confirm stability. 4. Stable appearing ventriculomegaly which is slightly greater than anticipated for parenchymal volume loss. Favor that this is most likely reflective of central parenchymal volume loss related to prior radiation changes or sequela of prior ischemic events. A component of hydrocephalus is felt to be less likely given the lack of temporal horn dilatation however clinical correlation is advised.