Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

There is a single focus of restricted diffusion and associated flair hyperintensity within the left caudate nucleus consistent with an acute infarct. Extensive subcortical and periventricular white matter flair hyperintensities this is a nonspecific finding but in this patient's age group commonly associated with chronic small vessel ischemic change. Perivascular spaces noted in the basal ganglia. Mild hypointensity of the substantia nigra and lentiforme nuclei on T2 weighted sequences consistent with the patient's known Parkinson's dissease. No extraaxial fluid collections or mass effect. No acute intracranial hemorrhage. No abnormal enhancing lesions in the brain or its covering. Extensive volume loss with proportionate ex-vacuo dilatation of the ventricular system which may be related to patient age and/or Parkinson's disease. Ventricles and basal cisterns are patent. There is a 8 x 6 mm bulbous outpouching at the tip of the basilar artery suggestive of a basilar tip aneurysm (best visualized series 3 image 12 and series 10 image 20). Flow voids are otherwise maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as the superior sagittal sinus. Left lens replacement. Mucosal disease in the ethmoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left caudate nucleus acute infarct. 2. Sequela of chronic small vesssel ischemic change. 3. Global volume loss and mild hypointensity within the substantia nigra and lentiforme nuclei on the T2 weighted sequences consistent with patient's known diagnosis of Parkinson's disease. 4. 8 x 6 mm bulbous outpouching at the tip of the basilar artery suggestive of a basilar tip aneurysm. Dedicated CT angiogram/conventional angiography could be performed for better characterization. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: The basilar artery finding may represent fusiform enlargement from dolichoectasia. Comparison with any prior imaging is suggested. I would perform MRA before proceeding with CTA or conventional angiography. Please note that Parkinson's disease is a diagnosis made clinically not on the basis of imaging findings.