Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status post right suboccipital craniectomy/cranioplasty. Expected postsurgical changes in the right posterior fossa following resection of right cerebellar mass are seen. Heterogeneous T1/T2 signal intensity is seen in the surgical bed with a rim of T1/T2 hyperintense signal surrounding a central region of T2 intense/T1 hypointensity. There are no regions of abnormal enhancement in the surgical bed and findings most likely represent evolving blood products. The right tonsil is slightly more inferior relative to the left and approaches the foramen magnum without herniation. There is mild local midline shift in the posterior fossa with slight effacement of the fourth ventricle slightly improved compared to CT performed on 11/30. Gelfoam is seen nearly completely filling the floor of the fourth ventricle. Several punctate foci of gas are seen within the surgical bed. Gas is seen tracking along the right frontal convexity and right Sylvian fissure. Diffuse FLAIR signal abnormalities are seen scattered throughout the subcortical and periventricular white matter. Appearance is unchanged compared to prior MRI from 11/29. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus. The patient is status post right cataract surgery with a slightly irregular countor to the right globe. There is conjugate leftward gaze. The pituitary fossa appears normal. There is mild mucosal thickening in the right sphenoid and maxillary sinuses best seen on sagittal view. Multilevel spondylosis of the cervical spine is noted. There is diffusely increased T2 signal in the tongue with a cylindrical focus of T1 hyperintensity seen in the right tongue. No restricted diffusion is seen. There are no regions of abnormal enhancement.
IMPRESSION:

1. Expected postsurgical changes in the right posterior fossa following right cerebellar mass resection with no abnormal enhancement in the surgical bed. 2. Gelfoam seen nearly completely filling the fourth ventricle without hydrocephalus seen. 3. Diffuse white matter disease stable compared to prior nonspecific but most likely secondary to small vessel ischemic disease. 4. New cylindrical enhancement seen in the tongue possibly due to changes from intubation. Acute injury to the hypoglossal nucleus also should be considered with acute denervation given close proximity of the surgical bed to the medulla and exam would be of benefit.