Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

Three ventricular shunts are in place as previously described the right parietal approach catheter terminates in the left frontal horn the left parietal catheter terminates in the left trigone and the near midline occipital catheter terminates in the suprasellar cistern just beneath the hypothalamus adjacent to the dorsum sella. There is no change in size of the ventricles compared to the recent two CT scans with asymmetric dilatation of the left trigone. The ventricles and especially the trigone demonstrate interval increase in size compared to the more remote studies available on neurosurgery PACS. There is no evidence of transependymal flow on MRI. There appears to be cystlike dilation of the left lateral ventricle trigone best appreciated on image 20 series 3 which raises the possibility of an intraventricular arachnoid cyst. Dilation of the HM causes mass effect on the tectum and displaces the left vein of Rosenthal across the midline. The left temporal horn is effaced. CSF signal within the ventricles does not completely saturate on the FLAIR sequence which was obtained before the administration of contrast. CSF signal within the basal cisterns and sylvian fissures does completely saturate out. This raises the possibility of a small amount of proteinaceous or hemorrhagic debris within the ventricular system or superimposed infection. This is not likely artifactual from presence of the catheters of the fourth ventricle also does not saturate on FLAIR. There is no ependymal enhancement in the ventricular system making infection unlikely. White matter paucity in the left parietal and occipital lobes is again noted although some white matter is present. Question periventricular leukomalacia given the history of CP versus long-standing compression by arachnoid cyst. There is no extra-axial fluid collection. There is no evidence of infarct. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage. The basal cisterns and sulci are patent. The orbits and paranasal sinuses are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. No short-term interval change in size of the ventricles; increase in size compared to more remote studies. No evidence of transependymal flow of CSF. Asymmetric dilation of the left trigone appears cystic and suggests intraventricular arachnoid cyst. There is mass effect on the tectum without edema. Decreased white matter in the left parietal and occipital lobes may represent periventricular leukomalacia secondary to CP or could be secondary to long-term compression by the arachnoid cyst. 2. Incomplete saturation of CSF in the ventricular system with normal saturation of cisternal CSF favor proteinaceous or hemorrhagic debris rather than infection as there is no ependymal enhancement. 3. Three shunt catheters are unchanged in position. 4. If this is a programmable shunt reprogramming may be necessary following this MRI. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: Total 7 mL Multihance injected intravenously for the post-contrast portions of this study. The CSF signal may be artifactual. The prior CT study shows that the shunt catheters do not have programmable shunt valves. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.