Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status post right posterior approach ventricular catheter placement which traverses the atrium of the right lateral ventricle crosses midline right to left and terminates in the expected location of the anterior body/frontal horn of the left lateral ventricle. The patient is status post left temporoparietal craniotomy. There is diffuse thickening of the left calvarium. There is a subdural fluid collection along the right lateral convexity with associated metallic artifact which incompletely suppresses on FLAIR and may represent a chronic subdural hematoma. This exerts mass effect on the adjacent brain parenchyma with effacement of the local sulci and compression of the left lateral ventricle. There is approximately 8 mm of left-to-right midline shift as well as mild medialization of the left uncus. There is moderate ventricular megaly with enlargement out of proportion to the sulci consistent with mild hydrocephalus. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage. There is generalized cerebral and cerebellar volume loss. The ventricles are dysmorphic with irregular outline of the occipital horns and right anterior body. The corpus callosum is significantly thinned with more focal atrophy in the posterior body. Scattered foci of increased signal on T2 and flair of the periventricular white matter is nonspecific. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Subdural collection along the left convexity as described exerting mass effect with sulcal effacement mild compression of the left lateral ventricle and approximately 8 mm of left-to-right midline shift. 2. Diffuse thickening of the left calvarium status post left craniotomy. Etiology is not clear from the current examination however may be secondary to decreased volume of the left cerebral hemisphere (Dyke-Davidoff-Masson). Correlation with prior examinations if available is recommended. 3. Right posterior approach ventricular shunt in place as described. Probable mild hydrocephalus. There is a dysmorphic appearance of the ventricles. The etiology is unclear from the current study however may be related to remote insult such as infection or periventricular leukomalacia. 4. Generalized cerebral and cerebellar volume loss. These findings were discussed with and confirmed by Dr. Griska on June 21 2010 at 11:58. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.