Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There are postsurgical changes from prior bifrontoparietal craniotomy. Mild pachymeningeal enhancement is suggested adjacent to the craniotomy site. Within the presumed region of the resection cavity there is an enlarging irregularly enhancing necrotic appearing mass currently measuring 5.1 x 8.2 x 5.0 cm (previously 7.6 x 4.9 x 5.1 cm) centered in the centrum semiovale of the left frontal lobe essentially extending from the cortical margin medially to the corona radiata; there is progressive enhancement along the medial margin of this mass which involves the cingulum and genu/anterior body of the corpus callosum. There are similar foci of susceptibility and T1 shortening within this mass consistent with areas of prior hemorrhage. There is progressive diffuse expansile FLAIR hyperintensity involving the adjacent white matter essentially involving the entirety of the left frontal lobe and the majority of the left parietal lobe extending into the subinsular white matter/internal capsules and extending inferiorly to the superomedial margin of the left temporal lobe. There is associated involvement of the cingulum corpus callosum fornices and and progressive involvement of the contralateral periventricular white matter and frontoparietal centrum semiovale. There is progressive increasing mass effect with worsening subfalcine herniation and right to left midline shift currently measuring approximately 10 mm previously measuring approximately 5 mm. There is slight interval increase in expansion of the genu of the corpus callosum. There is abnormal signal tracking inferiorly from the posterior limb internal capsule along the corticospinal tracts to the mid brain/pons which may reflect a combination of Wallerian degeneration and/or infiltrative tumor. There is progressive dilatation of the right lateral ventricle most prominently of the temporal horn and atrium as well as the third ventricle without evidence of frankly increasing transependymal signal. Fourth ventricular caliber is similar to prior exam. There is suggestion of increasing sulcal prominence about the right cerebral hemisphere which could reflect some degree of volume loss. There are no discrete extra-axial fluid collections. There are no territorial regions of restricted diffusion. Probable right maxillary mucous retention cyst. There are ethmoidal mucosal changes. Sellar contents appear somewhat diminished.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval progression of a necrotic enhancing mass centered within the left frontal centrum semiovale in this patient status post bifrontal craniotomy for resection of left frontal anaplastic pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma. There is marked interval progression of associated expansile white matter FLAIR signal abnormality with near complete involvement of the left frontal and parietal lobes with progressive involvement of the right periventricular and deep white matter with callosal and forniceal involvement. There is secondary progressive mass effect subfalcine herniation and midline shift. While there is a history of prior radiation therapy completed in December 2008 constellation of findings is felt to be predominantly reflective of progression of infiltrative neoplasm and edema. 2. Progressive dilatation of the right lateral ventricle and third ventricle without evidence of transependymal flow. While increasing ventricular dilatation may be in part secondary to progressive right hemispheric volume loss given interval increasing prominence of sulcation a component of compensated hydrocephalus is not excluded. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation