Diseases: ['astrocytoma']
FINDINGS:

In the right anterolateral and inferior temporal lobe there is a multicystic lesion measuring approximately 1.7 cm transverse x 2.8 cm AP x 1.3 cm in craniocaudal dimensions. The cystic components suppresses on FLAIR sequence. There is mild T2 prolongation in the interstices and inferior aspect of the lesion. No convincing enhancement. There is no mass effect by this lesion. In fact there is suggestion of volume loss with mild enlargement of the temporal horn of the right lateral ventricle. These findings are nonspecific but suggest a benign or a low grade neoplastic process. Differential considerations include DNET ganglioglioma low grade astrocytoma or pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma and tumefactive perivescular spaces. There is focal hyperostosis of the lateral temporal calvarium. The right lateral temporal lobe appears mildly dysplastic with mildly thickened cortex and less sulcation when compared with the contralateral side. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. No restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. The expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. Promience of the adenoids is probably age appropriate. The visualized paranasal sinuses are grossly clear except for a small mucous retention cyst in the left maxillary sinus. Mastoids are clear. No suspicious osseous lesions.
IMPRESSION:

1. Right temporal lobe non-enhancing multicystic lesion associated with T2 prolongation predominantly inferiorly. No significant mass effect and there is possibly volume loss in the right temporal lobe suggesting a benign or low grade neoplastic process. Differential considerations include DNET ganglioglioma low grade astrocytoma or pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma and tumefactive perivescular spaces. 2. Mildly dysplastic right lateral temporal lobe with mildly thickened cortex and less sulcation when compared with the contralateral side. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Sammaman at 6:06 p.m. 3/31/2010. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report without modification. Findings may represent a cortical dysplasia with neuronal/glial tumor. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.