Diseases: ['medulloblastoma', 'lymphoma', 'metastasis', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There is a 3.2 x 3.6 x 4.3 cm heterogeneously T2 intense avidly enhancing mass filling and expanding the fourth ventricle. Extension of the mass along the right greater than left foramen of Luschka and the foramen of Magendie is noted. There is mild enhancement of the folia of the superior cerebellar vermis and medial hemispheres raising concern for leptomeningeal spread of neoplasm. The mass demonstrates moderate diffusion restriction. On MR perfusion imaging there is marked increased relative blood volume to the enhancing portions of the mass as well to a lesser degree in the less avidly enhancing posterior/superior component. MR spectroscopy demonstrates elevated choline and lactate within the tumor mass with a decreased NAA peak. There is dilation of the superior fourth ventricle as well as the aqueduct of Sylvius third and lateral ventricles with periventricular signal abnormality consistent with mild transependymal flow of CSF. There is herniation of the cerebellar tonsils 1.0 cm below the level of the foramen magnum. The sulci are normal in size and configuration. Brain volume is appropriate for age. There is no intracranial hemorrhage. Mild mucosal thickening of the ethmoid air cells is present. There is mild prominence of the adenoids and palatine tonsils likely appropriate for age. The calvarium and orbits are unremarkable. Findings were discussed with Dr. Bohman at approximatley 9 pm on 3/14/10.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mass filling the fourth ventricle as described above. The imaging characteristics along with perfusion and spectroscopy findings suggest a primitive neuroectodermal tumor or medulloblastoma. There is mild enhancement of the superior cerebellar vermis and hemisphere folia concerning for leptomeningeal spread. Differential diagnostic possibilities (all considered less likely) include ependymoma (diffusion characteristics atypical) lymphoma (perfusion chararcteristics and heterogeneity atypical) choroid plexus tumor and metastasis. 2. Mild obstructive hydrocephalus with transependymal flow of CSF. 3. Herniation of the cerebellar tonsils 1.0 cm below the foramen magnum.