Diseases: ['abscess']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status post interval right frontal craniotomy with expected postoperative changes including transverse frontal scalp staples pneumocephalus including intraventricular air right frontal resection cavity and small right frontal convexity extra-axial heterogeneous collection likely representing blood products. A small amount of post-surgical debris is present in the right resection cavity. There is interval resolution of the restricted diffusion previously seen in the inferior resection cavity with corresponding decreased FLAIR hyperintensity in keeping with interval abscess washout. There is interval decreased mass effect with 3 mm leftward midline shift compared to 6 mm on the 3/24/12 MRI. There has been slight interval increase in size of the left lateral ventricle mostly by intraventricular gas. The right lateral ventricle is not appreciably changed in size. There is stable mild right greater than left temporal horn dilatation. A thin rim of enhancement of the resection cavity is not appreciably changed from the 2/24/12 MRI. Persistent FLAIR hyperintensity surrounds the resection cavity and bilateral periventricular white matter. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus. No new areas of restricted diffusion. Minimal right maxillary sinus
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval resolution of area of restricted diffusion in the right frontal resection cavity in keeping with abscess washout. Interval decrease in mass effect as described. 2. Slight interval increase in left lateral ventricle size mostly by intraventricular gas. 3. Persistent thin rim of enhancement of the resection cavity as seen on the prior post-resection MRI studies nonspecific possibly residual enhancing tumor. Grossly stable abnormal signal surrounding cavity and extending to the contralateral side recommend continued imaging follow-up. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.