Diseases: ['schwannoma']
FINDINGS:

There are postsurgical changes status post right frontal craniectomy and resection of left frontal mass including soft tissue swelling and emphysema at the craniectomy site small extra-axial collection and pneumocephalus and a left frontal surgical cavity containing blood products/fluid. There is mild meningeal enhancement about the surgical cavity which is likely postsurgical. There is a small focus of enhancement in the left frontal lobe inferomedial to the surgical resection site measuring approximately 1 cc on images 15-18 of series 8. There is interval decrease in left to right midline shift/subfalcine herniation previously approximately 18 mm and now approximately 12 mm and decreased mass effect on the left lateral ventricle. There is unchanged mild dilation of the right lateral ventricle. There is a stable nonenhancing nodule in the left ptergypalatine fossa uncertain etiology. There is stable extensive T2 prolongation throughout the subcortical periventricular and deep white matter of the left frontal lobe extending into the parietal and temporal lobes genu of the corpus callosum across midline and suspect expansion and left caudate head and lentiform nucleus. Stable pineal cyst. Flow voids are maintained. There are stable bilateral periventricular and deep white matter foci of T2/flair hyperintensity a nonspecific finding which may represent sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. There is unchanged partial opacification of the left anterior ethmoid and frontal sinuses and mucous retention cysts in the bilateral maxillary sinuses. There is unchanged diffuse T1 hypointensity within the bone marrow which may indicate anemia or infiltrative marrow process; correlate clinically. Orbital contents are unremarkable. Minimal fluid in the mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small focus of residual enhancement near the surgical cavity consisten with residual tumor about 1cc volume. Edema and/or residual infiltrating neoplasm persists including potential cross-midline involvement of anterior corpus callosum. 2. Postsurgical changes status post right frontal craniectomy and left frontal mass resection. 3. Stable nonenhancing nodule in the left pterygopalatine fossa possibly schwannoma benign appearance.