Diseases: ['pneumocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There is interval left frontotemporal craniotomy and resection the anterior left temporal lobe. A small extra-axial collection is underlying the craniotomy flap. In addition there are blood products and fluid- fluid level in the left middle fossa resection cavity. A small blood containing extra-axial collection extends to the vertex and is in continuity with fluid in the resection cavity. There is persistent area of FLAIR hyperintensity in the left subinsular white matter concerning for residual tumor. The T1 prolongation due to blood products makes assessment for presence of enhancement eight no grossly enhancing areas are seen. There is prominence of vessels at the left operculum as well as dural enhancement overlying the resection site among likely postsurgical There is mass effect on the left hemisphere and left lateral ventricle with minimal midline shift. Left hemispheric pneumocephalus with air-fluid level is noted. In addition there is a moderate subgaleal collection containing blood product and gass. A small subdural collection in the anterior aspect of the posterior fossa extends from the right cerebellopontine angle across the midline towards the lateral aspect of the left cerebellar hemisphere as well as along the left tentorium cerebelli. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear except for minimal mucosal thickening in the ethmoid and frontal sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Expected postsurgical changes after left anterior temporal resection with moderate pneumocephalus extra-axial and subgaleal collections compression of the left hemisphere and minimal midline shift to the right. 2. Mild prominence of the vessels at the left operculum as well as to wall enhancement and thickening overlying the surgical cavity are likely due to surgical changes. No definitive enhancement is seen in the resection cavity but evaluation is limited due to presence of T1 shortening caused by blood products. 3. Persistent area of FLAIR hyperintensity in the left subinsular white matter concerning for residual tumor. 4. Anterior subdural collection in the poster fossa.