Diseases: ['lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

Again noted are postoperative changes of the leftparietal calvarium with 1 cm thick heterogeneous epidural fluidcollection. Intrinsic T1 hyperintensity is seen within thesurgical cavity suggestive of blood products. The more anteriorfrontal lobe lesion and right callosal lesions remain unchanged.There is persistent hyperintense T2 signal abnormality seen aroundthe surgical cavity suggestive of vasogenic edema. There ispersistent mass effect of the left lateral ventricular system andasymmetric enlargement of the right lateral ventricular system particularly the right atrium suggesting partial entrapment.Asymmetric prominence of the extraaxial space is seen in the leftfrontal and temporal regions with interval decrease in thepreviously noted left frontal pneumocephalus. Minimal subduralfluid is also seen along the falx anteriorly. Diffusion-weightedimages and ADC maps suggest some restricted diffusion suggestingcellarity in untouched lesions and perhaps around posterior aspectresected/partially resected lesion.Nonspecific T2 and FLAIR periventricular and subcortical signal isnoted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postoperative changes with residual surgical cavity vasogenicedema and a right heterogeneous epidural fluid collection. Thishas resulted in mass effect on the underlying left cerebralhemisphere and lateral ventricular system.2. Heterogeneous signal intensity within the surgical bed withsurrounding vasogenic edema likely representing postoperativechange and residual blood products follow-up with contrastimaging is recommended.3. Stable left frontal and right callosal lesions.ADDENDUM: The patient returned to the department for additionalpost contrast imaging which revealed enhancement of the rightcallosal left posterior frontal and residual left parietallesion. The surgical site shows enhancement posteriorly whichrepresents residual tumor. Also noted is enhancement of the dura likely related to the procedure and there is also someintravascular enhancement perhaps related to mass effect/edema.The remaining portions of the study are discussed in more detailabove. Findings are most suggestive of lymphoma correlation withpreoperative imaging would be helpful (the only comparisoninternal study is STEALTH study).Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation