Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There are postsurgical changes status post left parietal craniotomy including soft tissue edema and subgaleal collection/hematoma small extra-axial collection measuring up to 6 mm in maximum width subadjacent to the craniotomy site and minimal pneumocephalus along the left frontal lobe. Surgical cavity left occipital and temporal regions contain some T1 bright blood products. Small amount of cytotoxic edema along the resection margin may reflect blood products but there is also a small area of more confluent cytotoxic edema left posterior superior medial thalamus which may represent injury. Nearly all (greater than 90%) of the nodular enhancing tissue has been resected noting that T1 hyperintense blood products within the resection cavity can limit sensitivity for subtle enhancing foci. There is linear enhancement which persists along the ependymal margins likely residual neoplasm however small volume. There is a residual infiltrative component of relatively nonenhancing tumor within the left inferior temporal lobe around the more inferior resection site. There is overall minimal decrease in surrounding vasogenic edema a pattern similar. There is improved sulci visualization along the left convexity and interval decrease in the mass effect decreased midline shift effacement of left lateral ventricle and dilatation of the ventricular system especially on the left with minimal residual dilation right temporal horn and lateral ventricle. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation as well as superior sagittal sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post left parietal craniotomy with excision of left occipital mass with postoperative changes as described. Small region of cytotoxic edema left posterior medial and superior thalamus noted and attention to this area on followup recommended for potential nonneoplastic enhancement. 2. Status post resection temporal/ventricular mass with little to no residual nodular enhancing tissue (greater than 90% resection) but persistent linear ependymal enhancement and a small residual infiltrative nonenhancing neoplastic component within the left inferior temporal lobe. Overall improvement in mass effect and decrease in hydrocephalus. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.