Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Postoperative changes following meningioma resection with right larger than left parietal craniotomy. Post surgical changes are noted with a small collection of extra-axial fluid/blood is seen subjacent to the craniotomy site. Minimal mass effect is noted as a result of this collection with no significant midline shift. Small amount of pneumocephalus is seen along the bilateral frontal convexities anteriorly. No convincing nodular enhancement at the resection site is evident; however another enhancing extra-axial mass is identified along coronal suture line anterior to resection site which crosses midline and involves the sagittal sinus measures 13 x 22 mm and is consistent with another meningioma (best seen on series 9 come images 9-13). Close and possibly separate from this mass is another extra-axial enhancing dural based mass on the left just posterior (best seen on series 9 images 14-16). There are small foci of increased intensity on T2-weighted images medial frontoparietal cortex which could be sequela of mass effect from meningioma or perhaps related to recent surgery. One of these is diffusion-bright (series 6 image 92) and ADC dark and may represent a small focus of cytotoxic edema. Note is made of a very large right vein of Labbé and there are also some prominent cortical veins posteriorly on the right which may indicate collateral drainage. Some prominent smaller vessels are seen along sulci near the vertex which could represent some venous congestion. The ventricles sulci and cisterns are symmetric and patent. Flow voids are maintained in the anterior and posterior circulation. There does appear to be flow in the most distal superior sagittal sinus but from resection site parietal region anteriorly the sinus appears occluded. There are scattered periventricular and deep white matter white matter as well cerebellar hyperintense foci which are nonspecific but likely represent the sequela of chronic small vessel disease. The paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. The orbits are within normal limits. There is a small T2-dark focus right parietal lobe which may represent a small cavernoma no gradient echo images to verify that can be seen on baseline images from diffusion-weighted series (series 6 image 23).
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute postsurgical changes with right parietal craniotomy and a small extra-axial collection subjacent to the craniotomy site with no evidence of residual tumor seen on the postcontrast images in the region of the parietal craniotomy. 2. Sagittal sinus is occluded anterior to craniotomy site. Another enhancing extra-axial mass is identified along coronal suture line which crosses midline and involves the sagittal sinus measures 13 x 22 mm and is consistent with another meningioma. There is a contiguous or possibly separate additional dural-based mass on the left just posterior to this point along the edge of the craniotomy site. No preoperative imaging for comparison. 3. Small focus cytotoxic edema left posteromedial frontal lobe could potentially be reflected in right lower extremity symptoms correlate clinically. 4. Possible small cavernoma peripheral right parietal lobe could also represent old micro bleed from some other source.