Diseases: ['craniopharyngioma']
FINDINGS:

There has been a recent craniotomy with a right frontal approach. Post surgical changes are seen over in and below the right frontal bone. There is edema within the inferior portion of the right frontal lobe. There is a small extra-axial collection likely a postoperative hematoma that measures 9 mm in greatest dimension just below the surgical field. There is a slight amount of compression of the right lateral ventricle from mass effect from postsurgical edema and a small extra-axial collection. Post surgical changes are also seen in the subcutaneous tissues. Again identified is pneumocephalus likely postoperative slightly reduced from the CT angiogram of yesterday. In the right frontal lobe there is a small area of restricted diffusion likely representing cytotoxic edema. Increased FLAIR signal in right-sided sulci likely represents subarachnoid blood likely post-surgical. Again seen are chronic postsurgical changes from a distant history of craniopharyngioma resection. There is stable architectural distortion and signal abnormality in the suprasellar brain. Again identified is a cystic area of encephalomalacia involving the inferior right frontal lobe and likely the anterior pole of the right temporal lobe as well. There is no evidence of abnormal enhancement in this area to suggest recurrence of the craniopharyngioma. However conclusive assessment in the postsurgical setting is difficult. A slight amount of dural enhancement is seen though this is most probably from post-surgical changes. The thalami and basal ganglia are unremarkable. The midbrain pons and medulla are normal. Both cerebellar hemispheres are normal in signal. There is no abnormal enhancement in the brain. The orbits and paranasal sinuses are normal. The visualized pharynx and parapharyngeal soft tissues are normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Recent right craniotomy with postsurgical changes including small extra-axial collection resulting in mild mass effect on the right lateral ventricle. 2. Small area of cytotoxic edema from ischemia in the right frontal lobe. 3. Chronic postsurgical changes relating to prior resection of a craniopharyngioma. No evidence of recurrence. Discussed with Macyz MD at 1210 on 3/30/10.