Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes status post right frontoparietal craniotomy paramedian resolving pneumocephalus since prior study. Focal T1 bright signal at the precentral gyrus resection site site has decreased suggestive of evolving blood products status post biopsy linear enhancement around the mass is evident more than prior and could be postoperative change versus simply better seen given decrease in T1 bright signal. More focal nodular subcentimeter enhancement is seen along the medial and superomedial aspect of the mass (series 9 images 19 and 20) identified on prior and is stable to slightly increased. At the site of biopsy/resection surgical site does not clearly show fluid intensity and may have some solid features versus evolving blood products greatest transverse extent of operative site and enhancement measures about 17 x 15 mm greatest transverse dimension (series 9 image 19) which is slightly decreased since the prior and more clearly decreased since August 23 2013 study. Another enhancing focus measuring less than 5 mm is seen in the left superior frontal gyrus which is stable or decreasing over time again more clearly smaller than August 23 2013 comparison. The left cerebellar enhancing focus is not clearly identified on the current study. There are no convincing new abnormal enhancing foci to suggest progressive metastatic disease. T2 bright signal surrounding the mass has increased and follows primarily white matter posterior frontal greater than post central gyrus white matter involvement could be treatment related. No abnormal signal around the smaller left superior frontal gyrus lesion. There is diffuse dural enhancement and thickening which may be treatment related. Solid enhancing mass right parasagittal involving the superior sagittal sinus is relatively stable still favor meningioma for this focus. Increasing fluid intensity right mastoid air cells may be related to radiation therapy. Prior ocular surgery is again noted. No other findings.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolving postsurgical changes associated with right posterior frontal resection stable to slightly increasing defined enhancement is seen medial and posterior medial to the precentral gyrus lesion surgical site consistent with sites of residual enhancement immediate postoperative study evolving blood products minimally complicate interpretation but at any rate the greatest transverse diameter has decreased since the preoperative study. Increasing T2 bright signal around the site may be treatment related but electronic record indicates whole brain therapy ending in mid August uncertain if there has been stereotactic radiation or boost to this area based on electronic record. Continued followup recommended in approximately 6-8 weeks or as clinically warranted. 2. Stable or decreasing subcentimeter metastatic focus left superior frontal gyrus left cerebellar lesion no longer visualized. 3. Stable extra-axial mass involving the superior sagittal sinus parietal region favor meningioma.