Diseases: ['pneumocephalus', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

Patient status post left frontoparietal craniotomy and tumor resection. In the region of the resection bed medially and dorsally there is a 3.2 x 1.7 cm region of restricted diffusion which may represent a combination of postsurgical change ischemia and/or blood products which extends to the level of the callosum. There is an associated mixed subdural/epidural collection with postoperative gas which displaces the superior sagittal sinus slightly inferiorly and exerts inferior mass effect on the callosum. Along the peripheral margin of the resection cavity there is diffuse T1 shortening with no definite evidence of enhancement on postcontrast imaging. There is unchanged subcortical likely vasogenic edema which is stable to slightly decreased in comparison to prior exam. There are other scattered foci of increased T2/FLAIR signal in the subcortical and deep white matter unchanged from prior exam. Intracranial vascular flow signal is within normal limits. Moderate bifrontal pneumocephalus is again noted. Small subgaleal fluid collection is noted. Confluent decreased T1 signal that along the margin of the C2 vertebral body. Globes orbits and paranasal sinuses are within normal limits.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post left frontal tumor resection with evolving postoperative changes within the resection cavity mild underlying mass-effect on the body of the corpus callosum. No definite evidence of enhancement; however assessment for residual tumor is limited as preoperatively this tumor did not enhance avidly. Area of diffusion restriction within the resection bed may represent a combination of hemorrhagic products postsurgical change and/or ischemia. 2. Bifrontal pneumocephalus with associated postsurgical subdural/epidural fluid collection 3. Abnormal marrow signal within the inferior aspect C2 vertebral body. In the setting of patient with history of breast cancer these findings may be suspicious for metastasis. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.