Diseases: ['meningioma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There are immediate post-surgical changes related to left parafalcine meningioma resection including left parietal craniotomy with susceptibility from the cutaneous staples overlying the craniotomy small subgaleal air and fluid containing collection small underlying extra-axial collection bilateral frontal convexity pneumocephalus small subdural left hemispheric collection with extension into the posterior interhemispheric fissure large predominantly air filled with small fluid level left posterior frontal/parietal extra-axial resection cavity extending across the midline superior to the superior sagittal sinus and increased flair signal subjacent to it likely a small amount of subarachnoid hemorrhage and minimal traumatic edema. There is minimal associated cytotoxic edema underlying the resection cavity. There is enhancement within the superior sagittal sinus extending to the anterior third where there are foci of signal loss (images 21 to 29 of series 9 and image 27 of series 8) concerning for air within the sinus. This segment of the superior sagittal sinus still demonstrates peripheral enhancement suggestive of absence of complete occlusion. There is a nodular area of enhancement adjacent to the superior sagittal sinus on image 22 of series 9 and image 27 of series 8 which present a prominent venous structure. Presence of small amount of residual meningioma cannot be excluded. Correlation with preoperative images is recommended. There are also changes related to prior right frontal resection including the right frontal craniotomy underlying encephalomalacia with surrounding T2 prolongation likely due to gliosis. There is mild linear dural thickening and enhancement underlying the craniotomy. There is a nonspecific focus of flair hyperintensity adjacent to the left caudate nucleus without restricted diffusion or enhancement. Additional ill-defined foci of T2 prolongation and noted in the periventricular and deep white matter as well as corpus callosum and pons. These are nonspecific but could be related to prior radiation. There is a right frontal development of a venous anomaly. There is an empty sella. There is thinning of the midportion of the body of the corpus callosum most likely related to prior insult. A small mucous retention cyst is noted in the right maxillary sinus. There is mild circumferential mucosal thickening in bilateral maxillary sinuses and ethmoid air cells. There is increased T1 signal within the skull base and visualized cervical spine consistent with postradiation changes.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes related to resection of the left parafalcine meningioma as described above. Focal nodular enhancement at the anterior portion of the falx as described above either a prominent venous structure or a small residual meningioma. Correlation with preoperative imaging and follow-up are recommended. 2. Findings concerning for air within the anterior third of the superior sagittal sinus with peripheral enhancement suggesting absence of complete occlusion. Correlation with operative procedure is recommended. 3. Likely postradiation changes in the brain parenchyma and visualized bone marrow. 4. Thinning of the midportion of the body of the corpus callosum likely related to prior insult.