Diseases: ['cerebritis', 'abscess']
FINDINGS:

Again demonstrated is increased FLAIR hyperintense signal following the white matter within the right frontal lobe right temporal lobe and left frontal grey white junction as well as involving the genu of the corpus callosum right caudate head right putamen and globus pallidus also with involvement of the left frontal lobe increased in prominence relative to prior MRI however stable as compared to recent CT head. Pneumocephalus is again noted. The resection cavity demonstrates peripheral enhancement with areas of restricted diffusion. The overlying rim enhancing extra-axial collection superficial to the dura is diminished in size as compared to MRI August 7 2012. Additionally overlying scalp swelling right frontotemporal regions is again noted. Increased FLAIR hyperintense signal interdigitating within the right cerebral sulci reflects hemorrhagic or proteinaceous exudate debris stable. There is continued mass-effect with effacement of the right lateral ventricle and effacement of the cerebral sulci on the right similar to recent CT examination. Right to left midline shift of 4 mm is similar to prior CT. Probable restricted diffusion right caudate head appears similar. Fluid is present in within the right mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical change from right frontal craniotomy with redemonstration of enhancement about the surgical cavity as well as underlying signal abnormality within the brain parenchyma concerning for cerebritis and abscess. The surgical cavity is stable in size however the signal abnormality within the white matter involving the bilateral frontal lobes right temporal lobe right basal ganglia and corpus callosum is increased as compared to prior MRI however stable as compared to recent CT head. Stable mass-effect as compared to most recent CT examination. 2. Enhancement and signal abnormality overlying the craniotomy site may reflect cellulitis/myositis with interval decrease in size of the rim enhancing fluid collection superficial to the dura. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: Some regions of signal abnormality in may also reflect residual neoplasm. Extensive abnormal diffusion restriction in and about the operative cavity and within the subgaleal collection is concerning for active infection. There is also likely a component of hemorrhage within the extra-axial/subgaleal collection. There is increased enhancement around the operative cavity with a large new area of enhancement within the corpus callosum. This is concerning for worsening infection as well. Findings were discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Dimitry Petrov of neurosurgery at approximately 320 5 p.m. on August 16 2012. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation