Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes from prior left posterior parietal craniotomy. There is a 6-mm thick small persistent fluid collection immediately adjacent to the craniotomy site. There is interval increase in size of a left cerebral convexity subdural collection with T1 shortening and incomplete suppression on FLAIR imaging consistent with blood products measuring 1.1 cm in thickness (previously measuring approximately 8 mm in maximal thickness on prior CT). There is continued mass effect upon the left frontal and temporal lobes with mild interval increase in left to right midline shift currently measuring 3 mm (previously 2 mm). Pneumocephalus present on prior MRI has resolved. There is nonspecific pachymeningeal enhancement predominantly along the left cerebral convexity and may be reactive secondary to the subdural fluid collection. There are evolving postsurgical changes associated with the left temporal parietal resection cavity. There is persistent however decreased hyperintense signal on diffusion weighted imaging involving the left occipital lobe and posterior temporal lobe and to a lesser degree the thalamus; intrinsic susceptibility associated within the resection cavity may limit assessment of restricted diffusion however the extent of restricted diffusion has decreased from prior exam. There is new irregular enhancement along the posterior lateral margin of the left thalamus medial margin of the left temporal lobe and gyriform appearing enhancement within the left occipital lobe which corresponds to an area of prior restricted diffusion. There is also new enhancement along the lateral margin of the left midbrain which corresponds to an area of T2/FLAIR signal abnormality in an area previously restricted diffusion however it appears somewhat more lobulated when compared to the other more irregular regions of enhancement; there is persistent effacement of the left aspect ambient cistern adjacent to region of left midbrain enhancement. Extent of T2/FLAIR signal abnormality about the resection cavity has decreased in the left temporal region however is otherwise similar appearance in the left parietal and occipital region which may reflect persistent edema; there is decreased mass-effect on the atrium of the left lateral ventricle. There is persistent asymmetric dilatation of the left temporal horn which appears to communicate with the resection cavity and is of uncertain significance. Similar appearing FLAIR hyperintensities scattered throughout the subcortical and deep white matter probably reflective of microvascular ischemic changes. Maxillary and ethmoidal mucosal changes with small left maxillary mucous retention cyst. There are no pathologic marrow signal changes.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mild interval increase in left cerebral convexity subdural collection with associated blood products with mild interval increase in mass effect and resultant mild interval increase in left to right midline shift. 2. Evolving postsurgical changes from prior left parietal craniotomy for interval resection of recurrent anaplastic meningioma with persistent edema about the resection cavity. There is new irregular enhancement adjacent to the resection cavity in an area of prior restricted diffusion involving the left occipital lobe medial margin left temporal lobe left thalamus and left midbrain. While overall enhancement favored to represent sequela of subacute infarct enhancement from superimposed neoplasm not excluded (given somewhat lobulated appearance of enhancement adjacent to/within the left lateral midbrain) and short interval follow-up MRI is recommended to assess for persistent enhancement.