Diseases: ['sarcoidosis', 'migraine', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

There are numerous (greater than 20) T2 hyperintensities in the supratentorial cerebral white matter of both hemispheres involving the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter greater on the left side. The largest lesions are around the left frontal horn and in the left periatrial white matter. There is a cluster of smaller lesions in the left superior frontal gyrus see image 23 of series 5. The lesions do not enhance and there is no associated restricted diffusion. No gray matter involvement is observed. Minimally increased signal on the postcontrast sequence in the lesion around the left frontal horn is felt to represent magnetic susceptibility due to fat saturation pre-excitation pulse rather than true enhancement. Chiari one malformation is noted with the cerebellar tonsils assuming a peglike configuration and terminating 2.1 cm below the foramen magnum. The CSF space in the cisterna magna is effaced. There is no evidence of acute infarct. There is no intracranial hemorrhage. There is no extra-axial fluid collection mass or mass effect. Cerebral volume is normal for age. There is no pathologic enhancement or restricted diffusion. There is no abnormal susceptibility. The orbits are normal. The paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear. Marrow signal in the calvarium and skull base is normal.
IMPRESSION:

1. T2 hyperintense foci throughout the white matter of both cerebral hemispheres left greater than right with larger more confluent lesions around the left frontal horn and in the left periatrial white matter. These findings are nonspecific and in this age can be due to a number of processes including inflammatory processes like sarcoidosis infectious etiologies such as Lyme demyelinating syndromes and vasculitis. White matter findings have also been described in the setting of migraine headaches though probably not to this degree. TTP as an explanation of these white matter lesions is not out of the realm of possibility but the most commonly associated MRI findings in TTP are posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome and frank infarction which are not seen here. 2. Chiari one malformation cerebellar tonsils 2 cm below the foramen magnum *ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: The periventricular white matter lesion adjacent to the left frontal horn is not associated with mass-effect or enhancement suggesting the possibility of demyelinating disease . In light of the history of rheumatoid disease I wonder if the patient is on any medication that modifies the patient's immune system if so consideration might also be given to PML however I have the impression this was present on the patient's CT scan of May 2011 making PML less likely. With the history of TTP white matter ischemia remains in the differential. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.