Diseases: ['infarction', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

There is motion artifact on most sequences which is moderate on the MRV sequences. There are postsurgical changes from left anterior-middle cranial fossa with left orbitofrontal craniotomy of recent meningioma resection with extraaxial collection subjacent to craniotomy. Restricted diffusion in the left anterior lateral temporal lobe representing an infarction which is stable in size compared to the recent head CT and likely several days in age. There is also a small focus of restricted diffusion more posteriorly in the left temporal lobe likely a second tiny infarct. There is mild cytotoxic edema in the left inferior frontal lobe post op change. There is increased FLAIR signal about a prior right frontal intracranial pressure monitor tract. Blood products along this tract also likely account for a focus of increased signal on the diffusion sequence along the tract. There is increased signal on FLAIR in the bilateral parietooccipital subcortical white matter slightly greater on the left deep gray neuclei corticospinal tracts and external capsules. Scattered small subarachnoid blood. The ventricles are normal in size. There is prominence of the extraaxial space overlying the right cerebrum which is probably from age-related volume loss; asymmetry is likely due to the postsurgical changes on the left. MRV is suboptimal due to patient motion. There is flow within the superior sagittal straight bilateral transverse and bilateral sigmoid sinuses. The left vein of Labbe is grossly patent. The left vein of Trolard demonstrates diminished flow related enhancement where it traverses deep to the left extra-axial collection subjacent to the craniotomy with reconstituted flow distallly. Therefore it is felt to be probably compressed by adjacent extra-axial collection rather than focal thrombosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left lateral anterior temporal infarction likely subacute in age and reflecting small cortical branches of the left MCA or small branch of superficial left middle cerebral vein. No large venous territory infarct. 2. Postsurgical changes from left anterior middle cranial fossa surgery and prior right frontal intracranial pressure monitor. 3. Increased signal in the bilateral parietooccipital subcortical white matter deep gray neuclei corticospinal tracts and external capsules which may represent seizure and/or posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome. 4. Motion degraded MRV with patent dural venous sinuses. The left vein of Labbe is grossly patent. The left vein of Trolard is probably compressed by adjacent extra-axial collection rather than focal thrombosis. Findings of left temporal ischemia was communicated with neurosurgery housestaff at 5 pm 2/5/2011 I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.