Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

MR brain: There is T1 hyperintensity in bilateral globus pallidus likely related to chronic liver failure. Mild parenchymal volume loss greater than expected for patient's stated age. Mild patchy bilateral cerebral white matter FLAIR signal abnormality predominantly periventricular and deep white matter is nonspecific in nature. No associated restricted diffusion. Findings may relate to treatment related change and not typical for posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome. Possible mild increased FLAIR signal abnormality in the right greater than left mesial temporal lobes; perhaps related to seizure history. Clinical correlate. No acute intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial fluid collection or acute ischemia. No mass effect or midline shift. Basilar cisterns patent. No abnormal intracranial enhancement. Mild mucosal thickening in the right posterior ethmoid air cells. Remainder of visualized paranasal sinuses clear. Mastoid air cells clear. Fluid opacifies the pharynx likely related to intubation. Endotracheal and oroenteric tubes are noted. Rightward deviation of the nasal septum. MRA head: Bilateral intracranial carotid arteries are patent. Bilateral anterior cerebral and middle cerebral arteries are patent. Mild fusiform dilatation at the proximal bilateral A2 segments are associated with small branches in these locations which demonstrate infundibuli. The anterior communicating artery is patent. Bilateral posterior cerebral arteries are diminutive. The vertebrobasilar system is patent and codominant. The bilateral posterior cerebral arteries and origins bilateral superior cerebellar arteries are patent. No evidence for stenosis occlusion or saccular aneurysm. Please note that MRA is not sensitive for the detection of aneurysms less than 4 mm in size. MRA neck: Normal branching anatomy of the great vessels. Origins of the great vessels are patent. Bilateral vertebral arteries originate from the subclavian arteries with mild narrowing at the origin of the left vertebral artery. Cervical vertebral arteries are patent. Common carotid and cervical internal carotid arteries are patent. Carotid bifurcations are normal. No stenosis or NASCET criteria.
IMPRESSION:

1. Mild bilateral cerebral white matter signal abnormality is nonspecific in nature without restricted diffusion. Findings may relate to posttreatment effects and are not typical for PRES. 2. Bilateral symmetric T1-hyperintensity in globus pallidus likely related to chronic liver failure. 3. Mild parenchymal volume loss greater than expected for stated age. 4. Possible mild increased signal abnormality in right greater than left mesial temporal lobes could relate to seizure history. Clinically correlate. 5. Mild fusiform dilatation of proximal bilateral A2 segments associated with small branches with infundibuli. Mild narrowing at left vertebral artery origin. Otherwise normal MRA head and neck. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.