Diseases: ['infarction', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

There is new gyriform restricted diffusion on the diffusion weighted sequence involving the right temporal parietal and occipital lobes with corresponding low signal on the ADC map consistent with acute infarction in the posterior right middle cerebral and posterior cerebral artery territories. In addition there are new cortical and subcortical foci of susceptibility in the bilateral frontal temporal parietal and occipital lobes most prominently in the parietal and temporal lobes. There is also increase in the T2/FLAIR signal abnormalities in the right frontal parietal and occipital subcortical and deep white matter with improvement of the left sided subcortical white matter T2/FLAIR signal abnormality. The constellation findings suggests posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome with associated microhemorrhages. Focal areas of susceptibility in the right middle cranial fossa and are consistent with placement of intravascular coils on the right. T2 prolongation in the right caudate head and right putamen are consistent with prior infarcts in these region. T2 hyperintensity in the right insula and anterior medial temporal lobe are stable and not associated with true restricted diffusion likely related to old infarct. Susceptibility artifact and T2 hyperintensity in the right medial occipital lobe with mild surrounding edema consistent with patient's known intraparenchymal hemorrhage is stable. Mastoid and paranasal sinus disease are unchanged. Orbits are unremarkable.
IMPRESSION:

1. New gyriform restricted diffusion involving the right temporal parietal and occipital lobes consistent with acute infarction in the posterior right middle cerebral and posterior cerebral artery territories. 2. New bilateral cortical and subcortical foci of susceptibility most prominently in the parietal and temporal lobes with increased T2/FLAIR signal abnormalities in the right frontal parietal and occipital subcortical and deep white matter and improved left sided subcortical white matter T2/FLAIR signal abnormalities. The constellation findings suggests posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome with associated new microhemorrhages. 3. Old right caudate head putamen and insular cortex infarcts. Susceptability in the right middle cranial fossa consistent with aneurysm coils. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Rob Brown at 2000 hrs and Dr. Amir Khan at 2230 hrs 8/13/2009. Attending note: Agree with above except: The evolving flair and gradient echo abnormalities may represent evolving blood degradation products following subarachnoid hemorrhage rather than secondary to PRESS-clinical correlation suggested.