Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple left greater than right T2-bright ill defined lesions that primarily involve the subcortical white matter including u-fibers in at least some locations in bilateral frontal lobes left parietal and occipital lobe left temporal lobe and left cerebellum. There is patchy enhancement associated with but not involving full extent of these T2 bright abnormalities some enhancing areas with a nodular appearance but with variable sizes and contours. There is little mass effect for extent of abnormality. Lesions primarily show facilitated diffusion but there are some areas of restricted diffusion within these lesions for example the focus left parietal white matter which is most prominent in this regard. These changes are new since prior brain MR in August 2009 and increasing or appearing since August 16 2011 CT. In the right middle cranial fossa anteriorly there is an enhancing likely extra axial mass that measures 1.1 X0.9 cm. This mass was not visualized well on prior MRI. Multiple T1 dark lesions are seen in the skull base occipital condyles and upper cervical spine likely reflecting known multiple myeloma and progressing. The ventricles and sulci are otherwise within normal limits for age. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are evident. There is nodular mucosal thickening in bilateral maxillary sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multifocal ill-defined enhancing asymmetric T2 hyperintensities without mass effect involving mostly the subcortical white matter of frontal temporal parietal lobes and left cerebellum. Given the patient's history of multiple myeloma on steroids and other immunosuppressive therapy this pattern may represent progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) or less likely other acute demyelinating disorder other infections possible but pattern without mass effect makes this less likely. On the other hand the enhancement pattern is not typical for PML other considerations include neoplastic including lymphoproliferative disorder in this immunocompromised patient though parenchymal involvement by myeloma unlikely. Also less likely is atypical drug reaction. 2. A 1.1 X0.9 cm extra axial mass adjacent to the right temporal lobe likely a meningioma although cannot fully exclude dural involvement from multiple myeloma. This mass was not well appreciated on the prior study. 3. Multiple T1 dark lesions are seen in the skull base occipital condyles and upper cervical spine likely reflecting known multiple myeloma and progressing though current level of activity uncertain. Discussed preliminary results with Dr. Stadtmauer 0930 hours 12/28/2011. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.