Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

Artifact from dental hardware degrades the evaluation of the facial structures as well as the diffusion and gradient echo imaging. There is extensive abnormal confluent T2 hyperintense signal within the subcortical periventricular and deep white matter area. In addition there is abnormal hyperintense T2 signal involving the left greater than right basal ganglia both thalami and within the brainstem. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement.
IMPRESSION:

1. Diffusely abnormal hyperintense T2 signal involving the cerebral white matter and deep gray matter. Favor HIV encephalitis. Difficult to exclude a component of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. Comparison to prior imaging would be helpful to determine progression. Attending note: Do not agree. The imaging findings include brain parenchymal abnormalities and abnormalities of the subarachnoid space. There is high signal intensity in the sulci over the convexities and the enhancement pattern would indicate leptomeningeal enhancement. Comparisons are available from 2005 December 9 however these appear to be under a different medical record number 01406456. There has been significant progression of the white matter disease since that prior examination as well as change in the appearance of the subarachnoid space. The findings would suggest the possibilities of neurosarcoid lymphoma and based on history neurosyphilis. This is not a typical imaging pattern for any of these three however and further evaluation is warranted. Gliomatosis cerebri I think should be considered in the differential but the subarachnoid space abnormalities argue against that consideration. The frontal mass effect would argue against PML as well as HIV encephalopathy. MR spectroscopy would be of interest in this case as well as perfusion imaging but may not allow differentiating these differential considerations. These findings were relayed directly to the medical team caring for the patient at the time of dictation.