Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'meningitis', 'lipoma']
FINDINGS:

There is confluent T2 prolongation in the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter of bifrontal lobes across the rostrum and body of the corpus callosum right parietal and right lateral temporal lobes into the right splenium and small extension into the posterior medial right temporal lobe. There is also involvement of posterior limb of the right internal capsule along the right corticospinal tract into the pons and left sided midbrain. These show facilitated diffusion and no hemorrhage. The postcontrast images are motion degraded. There are subtle foci of enhancement at the left aspect of the pons see series 24 image 11 and very subtle in bifrontal subcortical white matter see series 24 image 23. Differential considerations are broad including infectious/inflammatory/toxic/metabolic/post anoxic demyelination ADEM vasculitis atypical presentation of PRES or acute phase of HIV encephalitis and less likely progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. Mild effacement of the right lateral ventricle. There is mild sulcal effacement right greater than left. There is minimal 2 mm of right to left midline shift. There is also flair hyperintensity in the CSF spaces of the posterior frontal and parietal lobes near the vertex as well as in the right ambient cistern. Differential considerations include subarachnoid hemorrhage meningitis or high FiO2 ventilation. There is a 4 mm transverse x 10 mm AP x 7 mm craniocaudal lipoma in the septum pellucidum/upper third ventricle region with internal cerebral veins lateral and superior to it. There is no associated obstructive hydrocephalus. There is mild mucosal thickening of the ethmoid air cells and mucous retention cyst in the right maxillary sinus. Mastoids and orbits are unremarkable. No suspicious calvarial lesion. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are patent. MRA of the circle of Willis demonstrate widely patent anterior and posterior circulation. There is an aplastic right A1 segment. The right A2 segment is supplied by the left anterior cervical artery. The posterior communicating arteries are not identified. No aneurysm or significant stenosis seen. Please note that MRA is less sensitive for aneurysm less than 4 mm. MR venogram of the brain is slightly motion degraded. The left transverse sinus is hypoplastic. The superior sagittal sinus inferior sagittal sinus straight sinus transverse sinuses sigmoid sinuses internal cerebral veins veins of Rosenthal vein of Galen and visualized jugular veins are widely patent.
IMPRESSION:

1. Confluent T2 prolongation involvint the subcortical deep and periventricular white matter of the bilateral cerebral hemispheres right greater than left as well as the corpus callosum midbrain and and pons which show facilitated diffusion and minimal subtle enhancement in the left pons and possibly scattered in bifrontal subcortical white matter. Differential considerations are broad including infectious/inflammatory/toxic/metabolic/post anoxic demyelination ADEM vasculitis atypical presentation of PRES or acute phase of HIV encephalitis and less likely progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. Mild sulcal effacement and left lateral ventrical effacement. 2. FLAIR hyperintensity in the CSF spaces of the posterior frontal and parietal lobes near the vertex as well as in the right ambient cistern. Differential considerations include subarachnoid hemorrhage meningitis or high FiO2 ventilation. 3. No acute infarction. No deep or dural venous sinus thrombosis and patency of the circle of Willis. 4. Small lipoma of the septum pellucidum/superior 3rd ventricular region. No hydrocephalus. Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Balu at 0410 a.m. 9/13/2009.