Diseases: ['infarction']
FINDINGS:

There are confluent regions of T2 and flair hyperintensity of the periventricular white matter extending into the bilateral corona radiata and subcortical white matter most prominent in the bilateral posterior frontal and anterior parietal lobes as well as the right temporal lobe. Multiple additional lesions are seen of the midbrain pons a lateral middle cerebellar peduncles and visualized upper cervical cord. At least nine of the supratentorial lesions predominantly periventricular but also of the right parietal lobe and inferior left frontal lobe exhibit restricted diffusion. These lesions do not demonstrate contrast enhancement however. There is extensive white matter volume loss as well is volume loss of the corpus callosum with compensatory dilation of the lateral and third ventricles. There is additional marked volume loss of the midbrain brainstem and visualized cervical cord. No abnormal extra-axial fluid collection hemorrhage or midline shift is identified. The paranasal sinuses are clear and the orbits are unremarkable. Note is made of mild fluid accumulation of the inferior right mastoid air cells. Appropriate flow voids are seen in the major intracranial vessels.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extensive white matter lesions of the cerebral hemispheres midbrain brainstem and upper cervical cord as detailed above nonspecific but consistent with the patient's history of multiple sclerosis. At least nine lesions demonstrate restricted diffusion without enhancement concerning for acute exacerbation. Other etiologies such as infarction could have a similar appearance. The distribution is atypical for progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) or acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) however these cannot be entirely excluded. These findings were discussed with and confirmed by Dr. Gulati on March 16 2010 at 19:32. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report without modification. Findings are non-specific but consistent with provided history of multiple sclerosis with evidence of acute exacerbation.