Diseases: ['encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

No abnormal focus of restricted diffusion. No abnormal susceptibility. Ill-defined focal/confluent areas of T2/flair hyperintensity are seen in bilateral cerebral white matter asymmetrically more prominent in the left frontal/temporal lobes with involvement of subcortical U. fibers. There are asymmetric appearing bilateral temporal lobe signal abnormalities with suggestion of some volume loss on the left side and mild swelling/edematous appearance of right mesial temporal structures. Associated mild ex vacuo dilatation of the left temporal horn. Nearly symmetric appearing signal abnormalities involving bilateral insular regions with relative sparing of bilateral deep gray nuclei brainstem and cerebellum. Following contrast administration no pathologic parenchymal/meningeal enhancement. Major intracranial flow voids are maintained. No shift of midline structures hydrocephalus or effacement of basal cisterns. Mild brain volume loss. Visualized paranasal sinuses show evidence of mild mucosal disease with minimal fluid in the left mastoids. No definite aggressive appearing marrow lesions.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute infarction acute intra-or extra-axial hemorrhage or enhancing mass lesions. 2. Ill-defined asymmetric focal/confluent areas of T2/flair hyperintensity in bilateral cerebral white matter more prominent in the left frontal/temporal lobes with involvement of subcortical U. fibers. Asymmetric bi-temporal signal abnormalities with suggestion of some volume loss on the left side and mild swelling/edematous appearance on the right side. Diagnostic possibilities include: a. Asymmetric focal/confluent white matter involvement without significant mass-effect and in particular involvement of subcortical U. fibers raises concern for progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. b. Other infectious/ inflammatory processes with particular concern for sequela of prior or ongoing encephalitis in view of asymmetric appearance of the temporal lobes with some volume loss on the left. c. Findings would be unusual for neurosyphilis. d. Other toxic metabolic processes are considered less likely. e. Additional history obtained from the referring physician patient has a remote history of colectomy for colorectal cancer. Given this background paraneoplastic conditions cannot be entirely excluded. Correlation with clinical/CSF findings and/or follow up imaging is recommended.