Diseases: ['hemangioblastoma', 'hemangioblastoma', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Brain: Since prior exam there is interval suboccipital craniotomy with evolving postsurgical changes in the posterior fossa including resection of the enhancing cystic and solid mass in the right dorsal medulla as well is partially the bilateral medial cerebellar hemispheres moderate amount of blood products dorsal to the resection cavity between the cerebellar hemispheres right greater than left. There is no definite residual nodular enhancement. In addition a small right anterior medial cerebellar nodular enhancement appears to have been resected. The two foci of nodular enhancement in the left cerebellar hemisphere see series 13 image 8 are less prominent. Signal abnormality within the medulla and mild distortion of the medulla is stable. There is subarachnoid hemorrhage layering along the cerebellar folia and in the prepontine and perimedullary cisterns. Blood products also and noted to cast the fourth and third ventricles extending into the frontal horns of the lateral ventricles and layering in the occipital horns similar to recent CT of the brain 4/5/2011. Moderate ventriculomegaly is stable consistent with obstructive hydrocephalus. Right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter is stable tip terminating in the body of the right lateral ventricle. Trace bilateral subdural effusions containing blood products are noted hemispheric on the right and overlying the left temporal region without significant mass effect on the underlying brain parenchyma. There is associated right greater than left pachymeningeal enhancement possibly postsurgical. However intracranial hypotension could have a similar appearance. Clinically correlate. Mild periventricular and scattered foci of subcortical white matter T2 prolongation are non-specific but stable. Visualized paranasal sinuses are essentially clear. Left phthisis bulbi. Cervical spine: Redemonstrated is marked expansion of the cervical cord with exophytic cysts extending up to the cisterna magna and extensive cystic syrinx. The syrinx that extends from C6 distally appears to be slightly decreased in size on the sagittal view may be related to improved CSF dynamics. Otherwise multifocal nodular enhancement compatible with hemangioblastomas are again seen throughout the cervical cord in keeping with patient's history of von Hippel-Lindau syndrome. There is intrinsic T1 shortening within the thecal sac consistent with intrathecal blood products. There is diffuse reactive enhancement of the dura along the cord.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post suboccipital craniotomy and partial resection of the medial cerebellar hemispheres and resection of right dorsal medullary hemangioblastoma with postsurgical changes as described above and no definite residual enhancement. Apparent resection of a small right cerebellar hemangioblastoma as well. 2. Blood products in the surgical bed along the cerebellar folia and in the subarachnoid space with intraventricular extension as described above with stable moderate hydrocephalus. Right frontal ventriculostomy in place. 3. Right greater than left small subdural effusions containing blood products with pachymeningeal enhancement as well as blood products in the thecal sac and diffuse dural enhancement along the visualized cord. While this may be reactive from blood products intracranial hypotension should be considered. Clinically correlate. 4. Slight decrease in size of the visualized portion of the cervical thoracic syrinx likely related to improved CSF dynamics. 5. Two left cerebellar hemangioblastomas are less apparent may be related to contrast timing. Grossly stable hemangioblastomas in the visualized cervicothoracic cord.