Diseases: ['contusion', 'contusion']
FINDINGS:

Evaluation is limited by motion. Redemonstrated are bilateral hemispheric subdural hematomas and bifrontal subarachnoid hemorrhage grossly unchanged. Previously noted intraventricular hemorrhage and right sylvian fissure subarachnoid hemorrhage is not well appreciated on the MRI. Stable left parafalcine frontal lobe hemorrhagic contusion and a smaller right frontal lobe nonhemorrhagic contusion with diffusion restriction. The ventricles are normal in size. There is no midline shift. The basal cisterns are patent. Additional scattered small foci of FLAIR signal abnormality in the periventricular subcortical white matter without diffusion restriction are nonspecific. Persistent hemorrhage in the right sphenoid sinus with poorly visualized fracture of the lateral wall of the sinus. Minimal mucosal thickening in the frontal left sphenoid sinus and ethmoid air cells. Trace fluid is present in the nasopharynx. Near complete opacification of the right mastoid air cells related to right temporal bone fracture not well evaluated on the MRI. Evaluation of the cervical spine demonstrates left suboccipital soft tissue edema as well as edema in the interspinous ligaments from C2 to C4. There is trace amount prevertebral fluid. The vertebral bodies are normal in height and signal intensity. There is mild likely degenerative grade 1 retrolisthesis of C4 on C5 C5 and C6 without definite associated ligamentous tear. The posterior fossa structures are unremarkable. Spinal cord is poorly evaluated due to motion degradation but no appreciable cord signal abnormality visualized in two planes. Mild degenerative changes are noted including disc osteophyte complex at C3-4 which indents the ventral thecal sac disc osteophyte complex at C4-5 which effaces the ventral CSF space and flattens the cord and disc osteophyte complex at C5-6 which effaces the ventral CSF space.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable bilateral hemispheric subdural hematomas and small amount of bifrontal subarachnoid hemorrhage. 2. Left frontal hemorrhagic contusion and right frontal nonhemorrhagic contusion. 3. Previously visualized skull base fractures are not appreciated on the MRI with persistent hemorrhage in the right sphenoid sinus from known lateral wall of the sphenoid sinus fracture. 4. Persistent opacification of the right mastoid air cells from known temporal bone fracture. 5. Prevertebral and posterior suboccipital edema. Interspinous ligament edema from C2-C4 likely representing ligamentous sprain. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.