Diseases: ['hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Multiple sequences are degraded by motion artifact. Fast imaging sequences were used which have worse contrast and SNR properties. BRAIN: Redemonstrated is a large right frontoparietal parenchyma hematoma with surrounding edema and adjacent foci of subarachnoid hemorrhage. Small right parafalcine and right cerebral convexity subdural hematomas are present. Stable mass effect upon the underlying right lateral ventricle with 7-8mm leftward midline shift. GRE sequence demonstrates a serpiginous area of susceptibility involving the high right parietal region adjacent to the falx which extends laterally along the cerebral convexity (series 26 image 26-28). This finding may reflect a thrombosed cortical vein. Prominence of the nasopharyngeal soft tissues; correlate with direct visualization. Mild mucosal thickening of the paranasal sinuses. MRA: Images are markedly degraded secondary to motion artifact. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis. No large aneurysm is seen. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. No abnormal flow in the region of the right cerebral hematoma. Evaluation of the posterior circulation is markedly degraded secondary to motion artifact. Right vertebral artery may terminate in a PICA. MRV: The major intracranial venous sinuses are patent. There is asymmetry of the parafalcine cortical venous drainage pattern particularly in the region of the previously described large parenchymal hematoma. This finding may reflect normal anatomic variability though in light of the previously described area of serpiginous susceptibility on GRE sequence may reflect cortical vein thrombosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Right cerebral hematoma with subarachnoid and subdural hemorrhage. 2. No AVM within limits of MRA. However if there is sufficient clinical suspicion for AVM conventional angiography is recommended. 3. Serpiginous area of susceptibility may reflect a thrombosed cortical vein vs. blood products. A thrombosed dural AV fistula is also possible. Consider follow-up conventional angiography. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.