Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

MRI: There is encephalomalacia and abnormal signal in the inferior left frontal lobe in keeping with sequelae of prior intraparenchymal hemorrhage. There has been marked interval decrease in size of hemorrhagic extra-axial collections over bilateral convexities and left temporal lobe. There has been slight interval increase in ventricular size. Ventricles sulci and cisterns are otherwise patent. No mass effect. There are scattered foci of increased T2 signal in the white matter including the pons likely sequelae of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. No evidence of subarachnoid hemorrhage. Pituitary fossa and orbits are normal in appearance. No pathologic enhancement in the brain or its covering. There is mild mucosal thickening in the paranasal sinuses. There is partial opacification of bilateral mastoid air cells. MRA: Please note that the postgadolinium sequences are degraded by motion. Again seen is an area of susceptibility corresponding to the coil mass for anterior communicating artery embolization. There is suggestion of a small focus of recanalization at the inferior aspect of the aneurysm best seen on no series 17. There is stable appearance of a 6-mm left MCA bifurcation aneurysm. The right A1 segment is hypoplastic. The bilateral distal internal carotid arteries left A1 segment right M1 segment and distal MCA ACA branches are normal in appearance. There is a dominant left vertebral artery. There is a fetal origin of the right posterior cerebral artery. The distal vertebral arteries basilar artery basilar tip and posterior cervical arteries are otherwise normal in appearance. Please note that MRA is less sensitive for aneurysms less than 4 mm in diameter.
IMPRESSION:

1. Evolution of left frontal intraparenchymal hemorrhage. Marked interval decrease in size of hemorrhagic extra-axial collections. 2. Status post ACOM artery aneurysm coil embolization with suggestion of small focus of recanalization inferiorly. 3. Stable appearance of 6-mm left MCA bifurcation aneurysm.