Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

The right frontal ventriculostomy is less well seen than comparisons possibly removed. Mild ventriculomegaly is stable without evidence of transependymal flow of CSF. Small amount of blood product remains in the posterior horns of the lateral ventricles and there is air in the ventricles as well. Encephalomalacia in the left occipital lobe is consistent with a chronic left posterior cerebral artery infarct. Most of the previously described multifocal infarcts in the cerebellar hemispheres and cerebral hemispheres bilaterally right greater than left and pons have decreased in signal intensity on the diffusion weighted sequence with normalization of signal on ADC map with some areas remain mildly diffusion restricted. Some of these areas are associated with patchy gyriform enhancement as well. These are consistent with subacute infarcts. No definite new acute infarction identified. Extensive periventricular deep and subcortical white matter T2 prolongation as well as T2 prolongation involving the pons midbrain thalami and basal ganglia are relatively stable. There are scattered areas of susceptibility likely related to patient's prior subarachnoid hemorrhage though increasing in apparent extent since 9/21/2009 study. Focal susceptibility in the right parasellar region is secondary to the coil mass. Left temporo-occipital region susceptibility is due to a focus of calcification. Paranasal sinuses are unremarkable. There is partial opacification of the mastoids bilaterally. Orbits are unremarkable. No suspicious calvarial lesions. There is a coil mass within the right posterior communicating artery aneurysm with residual 2x3 mm filling at the base of the coil mass. Otherwise the petrous cavernous and supraclinoid portions of the internal carotid arteries are widely patent. The bilateral A1 segments are small in caliber and evaluation is somewhat hampered by motion. Left A1 maybe slightly smaller when compared to prior CT angiogram. However both A1 and A2 segments are patent. An anterior communicating artery is identified. Distal right ACA decreased in caliber relatively stable. There is fetal origin of the posterior cerebral arteries bilaterally which are widely patent. The visualized portions of the intracranial vertibral and basilar arteries are patent as are their branches. The posterior circulation is small in size and basilar artery is irregular. These findings are essentially unchanged when compared to the most recent CT angiogram difficult to compare directly with these different techniques.
IMPRESSION:

1. Status post coil embolization of a right posterior communicating artery aneurysm with residual 2 to 3 mm filling at the base of the coil mass unchanged from prior conventional and CT angiograms. 2. Stable subacute multifocal embolic infarcts as described above with areas of gyriform enhancement. No definite new foci of infarction. Intracranial arterial irregularity concordant with prior studies and with history of vasospasm. 3. Right frontal ventriculostomy less well seen and possibly removed. Small amount of blood product in the posterior horn of the lateral ventricles. Stable ventriculomegaly. FINAL ATTENDING