Diseases: ['encephalitis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

The study is degraded by motion artifact. There is flair/T2 hyperintense signal abnormality involving the gray and white matter of the anterior half of the left temporal lobe associated with sulcal effacement. Similar signal abnormalities are seen in the body of the corpus callosum. These are not associated with enhancement or restricted diffusion. Additionally hyperintense flair signal is noted in multiple sulci predominantly in the parietal lobes bilaterally. Intracranial flow voids appear maintained. There is no acute infarct extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Mucosal thickening in the ethmoid frontal and sphenoid sinuses. Opacification of the mastoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. FLAIR/T2 hyperintense signal involving the gray and white matter of the anterior half the left temporal lobe associated with sulcal effacement. Similar signal abnormality is seen in the body of the corpus callosum. There is no associated enhancement or restricted diffusion. Findings are concerning for multifocal glioma. Encephalitis is not excluded though the corpus callosum abnormality would be unusual. The findings in the temporal lobe could represent a late subacute infarct with pseudonormalization on DWI however the corpus callosal abnormality makes infarct less likely. 2. Hyperintense flair signal noted in multiple sulci predominantly in the parietal lobes bilaterally. Though this may be artifactual these findings may be seen in the setting of subarachnoid hemorrhage meningitis oxygen therapy and collateral flow. Clinical correlation is advised. Attending note: I agree with the report above and have personally reviewed the images. While the sequela of seizures can be evident on MR imaging this distribution is not typical and does suggest a primary parenchymal process as above. Advanced imaging is recommended with perfusion technique which may establish the presence of an underlying tumor. Findings were discussed radically with Dr. McKinney at 9:45 a.m. January 13.