Diseases: ['hematoma', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Examination is decreased in sensitivity for underlying lesions due to lack of intravenous contrast. Right frontal intraparenchymal hematoma essentially unchanged in size since the prior CT. There is now a slight fluid-hemorrhage level dependently. There is surrounding edema and local mass effect on the anterior horn of the right lateral ventricle and no gyral edema most prominent along superior frontal gyrus. Slight increased subarachnoid FLAIR hyperintensity in adjacent sulci possibly small amount of subarachnoid hemorrhage versus slow flow in entrapped vessels in subarachnoid space. No significant right to left midline shift. No surrounding restricted diffusion. Apparent restricted diffusion is related to blood-products. Again seen is encephalomalacia with cortical laminar necrosis in the left medial parietal and occipital lobes with surrounding T2 signal abnormality in extending to left thalamus. There are other scattered foci of T2 prolongation within the white matter unchanged in pattern since prior examination nonspecific probably sequela of small vessel changes. Other scattered foci of susceptibility industry both hemispheres and cerebellum again seen with a few new foci in the cerebellar hemispheres likely old microhemorrhages possibly related to hypertension. Mass effect on brainstem by an dolichoectatic basilar artery is similar to prior examination. There is flow-related enhancement within the proximal vessels of the circle of Willis which are all enlarged possibly related to hypertension. Two A1 segments are seen. There is focal irregularity of the left A1/A2 junction possibly artifactual and not confirmed on other sequences. There is either a single anterior cerebral artery (azygos variant) with possible proximal long fenestration versus two separate anterior cerebral arteries closely approximated throughout their proximal course. There are no suspicious focal areas of aneurysmal dilatation or narrowing. Please note MRI is less sensitive for aneurysms less than 4 mm. Mild mucosal thickening of paranasal sinuses. Old right medial orbital wall fracture.
IMPRESSION:

1. Parenchymal hematoma in the right frontal lobe size unchanged since last CT. No surrounding infarct or abnormal local vascular flow voids but evaluation for underlying lesion is degraded due to lack of intravenous contrast due to poor renal function. 2. Possible azygous variant anterior cerebral artery versus two separate but closely approximated A2 segments throughout their course. Slight irregularity at the left A1/A2 junction. Otherwise patency of the proximal intracranial circulation as above. 3. Old encephalomalacia in left parietal and occipital lobes. Advise follow-up MRI after clot retraction to exclude an underlying lesion. The irregularity at the left A1/A2 junction could be re-evaluated at that time. Discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Halpern at approximately 2pm on 9/7/08.