Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

MRI brain: Postsurgical changes from right frontotemporoparietal craniectomy. There is extensive susceptibility within the right temporal evacuation cavity likely representing residual blood products with associated contusional changes. Susceptibility and edema is noted within an area previously defined left temporal contusion. Prominent edema and susceptibility is noted within the sylvian fissure/right temporal opercula with associated edema likely reflective of a combination of contusion and subarachnoid hemorrhage. Thin sliver of bilateral cerebral convexity (left greater than right) subdural fluid collections with subdural hematoma redemonstrated along the tentorium. 1.1-cm right high parietal hemorrhagic contusion noted. Marked FLAIR subarachnoid hyperintensity is noted which may represent a combination of patient's known subarachnoid hemorrhage and high flow oxygen administration. Susceptibility noted throughout the ventricular system compatible with interventricular hemorrhage. There are multiple scattered foci of susceptibility within the supratentorial subcortical white matter and to lesser extent deep white matter as well as within the pons and cerebellum probably reflective of sequela of shear injury; some of which show scattered foci of restricted diffusion most notably within the splenium and left parietal lobe brain stem right middle cerebellar peduncle probably reflective of shear injury. Small areas of cytotoxic edema could represent acute infarcts in right anterolateral cerebellum and probable acute infarct anterior aspect posterior limb left internal capsule/ adjacent basal ganglia. There is prominent susceptibility noted within the right transverse sinus to the level of the jugular foramen which is iso-to slightly hyperintense on T1-weighted imaging consistent with thrombosis. Interval placement of left frontal ventriculostomy catheter with tip terminating just superior to the left foramen of Monroe. Approximately 3 mm of right-to-left midline shift. There is no ventriculomegaly. Extensive fluid is noted within the right temporal mastoid air cells and middle ear cavity in this patient with known right temporal bone fracture. Secretions within the ethmoid air cells and aerodigestive tract are noted. Heterogeneous layering contents are noted within the sphenoid sinus in patient with known nondisplaced sphenoid sinus fracture. Right zygomatic arch temporal bone and occipital fractures better demonstrated on prior CT. MRI cervical spine: Alignment of the cervical spine is normal. Trace fluid is noted within the prevertebral soft tissues at C4-C5 and C5-C6 uncertain significance. There is no frank discontinuity of the anterior longitudinal ligament. No frank discontinuity of the posterior longitudinal ligament ligamentum flavum. No convincing edema within the paraspinal soft tissues to suggest frank interspinous ligamentous injury. Imaged marrow of the cervical spine appears somewhat hypointense on T1-weighted sequences; however there is no evidence of marrow edema within the imaged cervical spine. There is mild marrow edema within the left occipital bone just posterior to the condyles likely reflective of known fracture; there is associated T1 hyperintense signal within the jugular foramen compatible with known internal jugular vein thrombosis. Thin sliver of abnormal signal is noted within the anterior epidural spaces right more so than left concerning for epidural blood products with mild to moderate canal narrowing from approximately C2 to C5; suggestion of epidural blood products at the foramen magnum without significant mass-effect. There is no T2 prolongation of the cord. Overall there are mild spondylotic changes of the cervical spine most significant at C5-C6 and C6-C7 with mild to moderate uncovertebral joint arthropathy at these levels which constricts to mild left greater than right foraminal narrowing. Secretions are noted within the aerodigestive tract. Endotracheal and enteric tubes are noted incompletely imaged.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes from right frontotemporoparietal craniectomy with susceptibility and edema within the adjacent temporal lobe compatible with known contusions. Left temporal and right medial parietal contusions are also noted. Extensive susceptibility within the right sylvian fissure with associated edema probably reflective of a combination of intraparenchymal hemorrhage and subarachnoid hemorrhage. Subarachnoid FLAIR hyperintensity probably reflective of a combination of subarachnoid hemorrhage in sequela of high flow oxygen administration. Other scattered foci of susceptibility as well as restricted diffusion within the supratentorial white matter deep gray nuclei pons and cerebellum probably reflective of shear injury. 2. Cytotoxic edema which may represent acute ischemia right lateral cerebellum and left posterior limb internal capsule/ adjacent basal ganglia. 3. Acute thrombosis of the right transverse sinus to the imaged right internal jugular vein probably related to right occipital fracture traversing the jugular foramen. 4. Probable blood products within the epidural spaces anteriorly within the cervical spine and posteriorly at the level of the foramina magnum with mild to moderate canal narrowing. There is no evidence of abnormal T2 signal of the cord. 5. Trace fluid within the prevertebral soft tissues as detailed. No frank ligamentous discontinuity is identified.