Diseases: ['meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Patient is status-post extensive bilateral craniotomies.Previously moted multiple extra-axial lesions have been resected.There is intracranial air that is sub-dural and subarachnoidpredominately. There are bilateral subdural fluid collections.Subarachnoid hemorrhage is seen within the right sylvian fissureand in sulci along the inferior right frontal lobe. There ishyperintensity in the inferior left frontal lobe that appears tobe predominantly within white matter this is in the site adjacentto a previously noted meningioma and to some extent high signalintensity is seen in this location on the recent MRI this likelyreflects residual vasogenic edema and postoperative retraction.The ventricles are stable to slightly smaller in size though theyremain dilated and some of this clearly ex-vacuo.There is interval development of increased signal intensity in thebilateral parietal lobes and posterior frontal lobes. There areblood products in the resection cavity of the posterior frontallobe/right parietal lobe along the falx/superior sagittal sinusto the right of midline and to a lesser extent a small pocket ofblood is seen in the posterior left frontal lobe. On the axialdiffusion-weighted images there is some high signal intensity inthe right parietal lobe that clearly corresponds to blood productsseen on the unenhanced T1-weighted images; however there areregions of diffusion hyperintensity ADC hypointensity that arenot clearly areas of blood products on the remaining MR images and venous infarction cannot be excluded.When comparing unenhanced and enhanced axial T1-weighted images there is diffuse dural enhancement over the cerebral convexitiesand around the subdural collections. There has been significantinterval decompression/resection of the previously noted multiplemeningiomas. There are findings consistent with residualmeningioma noted over the right frontal convexity see image 28 ofseries 6; along the right paramedian falx see image 28 of series6 for example the along the posterior right parasagittal falx inthe site of the superior sagittal sinus invasion see image 28 ofseries 6; and along the right frontal convexity see image 18 ofseries 6. Residual regions of dural enhancement along the leftfrontotemporal convexity consistent with meningioma are noted these were likely not instrumented.There are findings consistent with prior remote left parietalcraniotomy with old encephalomalacia in the left parietal lobe.There are also finds consistent with prior occipital craniectomy with changes in the posterior cerebellum and along the fourthventricle that may reflect prior treatment for a mass such as aPNET in childhood.Bilateral basal ganglia calcifications are noted. The ventriclesare prominent but have decreased in size from prior study.Incidental note is made of an empty pituitary sella.
IMPRESSION:

1. Interval craniotomies with extensive postsurgical changes asdetailed above.2. High signal intensity in the right parietal lobe as detailedabove this may reflect a combination of surgical change bloodproducts and acute venous ischemia/infarction must be considered.The integrity of the posterior superior sagittal sinus cannot beassessed but flow is likely interrupted as tumor was noted herepreoperatively.3. Small regions of residual meningioma along the rightparasagittal falx along superior sagittal sinus right frontal andparietal convexity as detailed above. There has been markedinterval resection of the previously dated extensivemeningiomatosis possibly related to radiation therapy inchildhood.4. Small meningiomas over the left fronto-temporal convexity.5. Findings consistent with remote occipital craniotomy forposterior fossa tumor resection.6. Results called called to neurosurgery.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStation