Diseases: ['contusion']
FINDINGS:

Redemonstrated is marked comminuted and displaced fracture of the left frontal bone extending into the orbital roof and better depicted on recent CT head. There is increased T1 signal within the left frontal lobe in keeping with hemorrhage. There is grossly stable amount of surrounding edema with associated sulcal effacement. In addition there is mild amount of edema within the right frontal lobe due to contusion as seen on series 18 image 20. No midline shift. There are multiple foci of susceptibility at the gray-white junction in the bilateral cerebral hemisphere and splenium of the corpus callosum representing microhemorrhages from a shear injury. There is subarachnoid hemorrhage predominantly within the bilateral frontoparietal lobes. There is a stable small amount of extra-axial fluid posterior to the left parieto-occipital lobe. There is a tiny amount of blood within the occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle. There is blood within the left maxillary and frontal sinuses and opacification of the sphenoid sinuses ethmoid air cells and right maxillary sinus. There is opacification of the bilateral mastoid air cells. MRA neck: There is patency of the bilateral vertebral arteries. The bilateral common carotid cervical internal carotid and external carotid arteries are patent. There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis or dissection. Cervical spine: Fractures involving the superior articular pillar of T1 and left transverse process of C7 are not well visualized on today's MRI and were better evaluated on prior CT cervical spine. No evidence of ligamentous injury. Cord is normal in signal.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable hemorrhage within the left frontal lobe due to hemorrhage with stable surrounding edema. Mild amount of edema within the right frontal lobe secondary to contusion. No midline shift. 2. Multiple foci of susceptibility at the gray-white junction in bilateral cerebral hemisphere and the splenium of the corpus callosum representing hemorrhages from a shear type injury. 3. Subarachnoid blood predominantly within the bilateral frontoparietal lobes. Stable small amount of extra-axial fluid posterior to left parieto-occipital lobe. Small amount of blood in the occipital horn of the right lateral ventricle. 4. Patent neck vasculature. No evidence of dissection. 5. No evidence of cord or ligamentous injury in the cervical spine. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.