Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Most of the sequences are degraded by motion especially post contrast. There are stable moderate periventricular and subcortical white matter foci of T2 prolongation without associated mass effect or restricted diffusion. No evidence of acute infarction. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is no pathologic parenchymal or meningeal enhancement. Paranasal nasal sinuses are clear. Evaluation of the origins of the great vessels are suboptimal due to patient motion. However the origins of the great vessels and vertebral arteries are gross patent. There is a bovine arch. The common carotid internal carotid external carotid and vertebral arteries are widely patent without significant stenosis occlusion or dissection. There is patency of the intradural vertebral arteries with a dominant right vertebral artery intracranially. The basilar artery and its distal branches are patent. There is fetal origin of the left posterior cerebral artery with a hypoplastic left P1 segment. There is a prominent right posterior communicating artery. The bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments are patent. There is a stable saccular aneurysm involving the supraclinoid/ophthalmic segment of the left internal carotid artery measuring about 4 mm in diameter. There are no regions of focal stenosis or occlusion. Please note MRA is less sensitive for small aneurysms less than 4 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute intracranial abnormalities or acute infarction. 2. Stable moderate periventricular and subcortical white matter changes greater than expected for the patient's age. These are nonspecific and may relate to small vessel ischemic disease demyelination or other infectious/inflammatory causes. 3. Stable 4 mm aneurysm involving the supraclinoid/ophthalmic segment of the left internal carotid artery. Further evaluation with CT angiograph may be helpful if not already performed. 4. Widely patent intracranial and extracranial anterior and posterior circulations see above. OFFICIAL ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST REVIEW: I have reviewed the images and agree with the above report.