Diseases: ['sarcoidosis']
FINDINGS:

There are no findings of intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection mass or mass effect. The brain parenchymal volume is age-appropriate. The ventricles and sulci are normal as to size shape and position. The basal cisterns are patent. There are no areas of abnormally restricted diffusion in the brain to suggest acute ischemia. Stable partially empty sella. There are few small foci of T2 prolongation signal in the periventricular deep white matter and subcortical white matter left greater than right that are nonspecific but may reflect age-related white matter chronic ischemic changes. Interval decrease fullness and enhancement of right masticator space including temporalis and pterygoid musculature as well as masseter with interval decreased intensity on T2 weighted images more in masseter and temporalis. Interval improvement of abnormal intensity of the bone marrow in the right lateral orbit is abnormal decreased in intensity on T1 and T2 weighted images with extension to zygoma. This is probably stable. Persistent asymmetric enhancement pterygopalatine fossa and slight smooth involvement right lateral orbit along dura/periorbita. Persistent fullness in the region of foramen ovale on the right but no convincing asymmetric enhancement. There is possible mild dural enhancement of right inferior anterior frontal region (series 12 image 17). Persistent mild mucosal thickening of maxillary sinuses. Prior sinonasal surgery with antrostomies on left and probably right partial ethmoidectomies Interval increased T2 prolongation signal abnormality of left optic nerve sheath with minimal enhancement. There is enhancing tissue with T2 prolongation in the left orbital apex (series 5 image 16 series 11 image 14. There is a T2 hyperintense enhancing left intraconal focus inferior to optic nerve which was also seen on prior maxillofacial CT from October 21 2010. There is asymmetric mild enlargement of left lacrimal gland with T2 prolongation and mild enhancement (series 5 and 12 Image 21). Constellation of these findings are broad differentials including inflammatory pseudotumor/Tolosa-hunt sarcoidosis vasculitis/Wegener's granulomatosis and less likely lymphoproliferative disorder.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multifocal signal abnormality and enhancement involving left optic nerve sheath left orbital apex and left lacrimal gland. Constellation of these findings have broad differentials including inflammatory pseudotumor/Tolosa-hunt sarcoidosis vasculitis/Wegener's granulomatosis and less likely lymphoproliferative disorder. 2. Interval decreased abnormal signal and enhancement of right masticator space and right pterygopalatine fossa persistent fullness region of foramen ovale without striking asymmetric enhancement. Interval decreased sclerotic bone right zygoma and lateral orbit including sphenoid bone right mandible. 3. Nonspecific white matter signal abnormalities unchanged since May 19 2011.