Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Brain- Small focus of encephalomalacia with associated hemosiderin deposition and gliosis likely posttraumatic unchanged. Ventricles are symmetric and normal in size. Stable scattered few small T2 hyperintensities in deep and subcortical white matter elsewhere that are nonspecific. No abnormal parenchymal enhancement. The previously demonstrated abnormal signal intensity and enhancement in the left posterior clivus is decreased and less prominent. The extension to the left internal auditory canal seen previously not well appreciated in the current study. The previously demonstrated abnormal signal intensity and enhancement in the prevertebral muscles and posterior nasopharyngeal soft tissues has resolved. Minimal enhancement along the left Meckel's cave decreased. Small left maxillary retention cyst. Incidentally noted is fenestration of the posterior superior sagittal sinus. Minimal fluid the left mastoid air cells. Cervical Spine- Redemonstrated is straightening of the cervical spine and reversal of the normal lordosis levels C3-C5. Multilevel spondylotic changes including degenerative disk disease and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy are re-demonstrated. Cord is normal in caliber signal and location C2-3: Small posterior disk/osteophyte complex and mild bilateral uncovertebral joint hypertrophy. The spinal canal and neural foramina are patent. C3-4: Moderate spinal stenosis and moderate left neural foraminal narrowing secondary to left facet arthropathy and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy. C4-5: Moderate spinal stenosis moderate to severe left and moderate right neural foraminal narrowing secondary to disks/osteophyte left greater than right facet arthropathy and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy. C5-6: Moderate spinal stenosis moderate to severe left and moderate right neural foraminal narrowing secondary to disks/osteophyte left greater than right facet arthropathy and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy. C6-7: No significant spinal stenosis. Mild bilateral neural foraminal narrowing secondary to uncovertebral joint hypertrophy. C7-T1: Mild spinal stenosis moderate bilateral neural foraminal narrowing secondary to disks/osteophyte and uncovertebral joint hypertrophy.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable appearance of the brain. Small focus of encephalomalacia likely posttraumatic in the right frontal lobe and additional nonspecific white matter abnormalities possibly mild sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. 2. Interval decrease in the abnormal enhancing tissue in the skull base and nasopharynx with residual abnormal signal and enhancement in the left posterior clivus. 3. Spondylotic changes of the cervical spine as detailed above without significant change from prior study with spinal stenosis at C2- C5 and left greater than right marked neural foraminal narrowing worst at that levels C4-C5 and C5-C6.