Diseases: ['schwannoma']
FINDINGS:

The sella is mildly expanded with CSF intensity fluid. The pituitary appears plastered inferiorly but otherwise unremarkable. This has the so-called "partially empty sella" appearance. Although the sella/suprasellar region appears to have fatty density on the CT no fat is seen in this region on MRI. No solid mass lesion is visualized in the sella or suprasellar cistern. No enhancement or definite abnormal restricted diffusion is present. No intrapituitary lesion or mass effect on chiasm is seen. There is a 6 x 12 mm enhancing mass lesion in the right internal auditory canal likley a vestibular schwannoma. The enhancement seems to also extend along the right facial nerve tympanic and potions of its mastoid portion as well. No mass is seen near the stylomastoid foramen. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. Multiple bilateral nonspecific foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity are noted in the periventricular and deep white matter a nonspecific finding likely representing small vessel ischemic changes in a patient of this age. There is an The visualized paranasal sinuses mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities are clear. Findings discussed with Dr. Schaffer on 4/5/08.
IMPRESSION:

1. No lesion is visualized in the sella or suprasellar cistern on MRI. Expanded sella with CSF density and compression of pituitary inferiorly with so called "partial empty sella" appearance. No solid pituitary or suprasellar mass. 2. Small enhancing mass lesion in the right internal auditory canal likely a vestibular schwannoma. Enhancement also extends along the right facial nerve. Please correlate with facial nerve and hearing function on the right. 2. Scattered nonspecific T2 hyperintensities in the brain likely small vessel ischemic changes in a patient of this age.