Diseases: ['schwannoma', 'hemangioblastoma']
FINDINGS:

Postoperative changes are again noted involving the posterior fossa including a suboccipital craniotomy and resection cavities in the bilateral cerebellar hemispheres with moderate extra-axial fluid collection over the left cerebellar hemisphere. There is associated ex vacuo dilatation of the fourth ventricle. Redemonstrated are multiple enhancing nodules throughout the posterior fossa unchanged since last exam with the exception of one enhancing nodule along the right posterior fossa which appears slightly increased in size since last exam. Findings are consistent with multiple hemangioblastomas given the patient's clinical history. A small 2 mm enhancing nodule is noted in the left internal auditory canal unchanged since last exam suggestive of a tiny vestibular schwannoma versus hemangioblastoma. Supratentorially the ventricles and sulci are normal in size and configuration. Cerebral hemisphere parenchyma is normal in morphology and signal intensity. There are no areas of abnormal enhancement supratentorially. The visualized paranasal sinuses and orbital contents are normal. There is mild straightening of the normal lumbar lordosis which may be positional in etiology. Alignment of the spine is otherwise intact without significant subluxation. Vertebral body heights are maintained. There is no focal marrow replacing lesion. Intervertebral disc spaces are maintained. Expansile heterogeneous T2 hyperintense enhancing mass in the right C5-6 neural foramen and possible smaller masses in the left C5-6 neural foramen and C6-7 neural foramina bilaterally and the right L3/4 neural foramen. Findings are suggestive of peripheral nerve sheath tumors such as schwannomas versus hemangioblastomas. The spinal cord is normal in size and signal. The conus medullaris terminate snormally at the L1 level and is of normal size and signal. There is no abnormal enhancement within the spinal canal / spinal cord. Multiple cystic renal masses are again noted bilaterally.
IMPRESSION:

1. Slight interval progression of one of multiple infratentorial hemangioblastomas as above. 2. Likely tiny left vestibular schwannoma or hemangioblastoma. 3. Multiple expansile heterogeneous mildly enhancing neural foraminal lesions in the cervical and lumbar spine as above suggestive of peripheral nerve sheath tumor such as schwannomas or hemangioblastomas. 4. Multiple cystic renal masses are again noted bilaterally. Correlation with dedicated imaging of the kidneys is recommended.