Diseases: ['normal']
FINDINGS:

BRAIN AND IAC: There is no abnormal signal enhancement or mass within the labyrinths internal auditory canals or cerebellopontine angles. There is no evidence of the vestibular schwannoma. The jugular canals are unremarkable without any mass. There is slight asymmetric enhancement of the geniculate and tympanic portions of the left facial nerve compared to the right. These segments of the facial nerve can normally enhance but the enhancement is slightly more prominent on the left. This mild degree of asymmetry is of doubtful clinical significance but nevertheless clinically correlate with possible signs of left facial nerve dysfunction. The ventricles and sulci are normal for age. There are a few scattered faint punctate foci of subcortical and periventricular white matter T2 hyperintensity a nonspecific finding which may represent mild chronic microangiopathic changes in a patient of this age. there is no mass effect or midline shift. diffusion weighted imaging demonstrates no acute ischemia. No abnormal enhancement is seen within the brain parenchyma. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are unremarkable. There is a tiny mucous retention cyst in the right nasopharynx. NECK MRA: 2D time of flight MRA of the neck demonstrates anterograde flow in the carotid and vertebral arteries bilaterally. 2D TOF and Gadolinium MRA demonstrate no hemodynamically significant stenosis in the common carotid internal carotid or vertebral arteries in the neck. No pseudoaneurysm is seen in the arteries of the neck. No aberrant course of the carotid arteries is seen. The left post PICA vertebral artery is hypoplastic. Please note that an MRA of the head has not been requested or done.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of vestibular schwannoma.2. Unremarkable MRA of the neck. No sign of aberrant internal carotid artery.3. Slight asymmetric enhancement of the geniculate and tympanic portions of the left facial nerve compared to the right. These segments of the facial nerve do normally enhance but the enhancement is slightly more prominent on the left. This mild degree of asymmetry is of doubtful clinical significance and is likely normal but nevertheless clinically correlate with possible signs of left facial nerve dysfunction.