Diseases: ['schwannoma', 'migraine']
FINDINGS:

There are small and minimally heterogeneous T2-bright structures along the course of the vertical part of petrous portion facial nerve but situated posterior medial to facial nerve canal and stylomastoid foramen and not centered in nerves right larger than left at about 5-6 mm transverse diameter of the right. These are also identified on comparison CT temporal bones and appear separate from facial nerve canal. Internal auditory canals are symmetric and unremarkable. There is a small sub-cm pineal cyst for which no follow up is required. Ventricles cisterns and sulci are otherwise symmetric and normal in size and configuration. There is a small focus of increased intensity left corpus callosum (series 3 4 image 21) with one or two other subcortical hyperintensities in the white matter elsewhere primarily frontal lobe nonspecific pattern but not usually seen at this age. There are no other abnormal foci of increased or decreased signal intensity. There are no abnormal enhancing foci. Skull orbits and paranasal sinuses are unremarkable. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified.
IMPRESSION:

1. Small slightly heterogeneous T2-bright enhancing foci just medial to vertical portion facial nerve canal in temporal bones and apparently separate from nerve. Facial nerve origin is still possible or perhaps small branch such as Arnold's nerve consider hemangioma or paraganglioma schwannoma less likely. Inflammatory process could be considered but symmetry would argue against this another possibility is that these may represent anatomic variations in venous anatomy but this is not likely. Discussed with Dr. Bigelow follow up planned in several months at which time precontrast T1 weighted imaging temporal bones/IACs should be added for more confident assessment of enhancement. 2. Sub-cm pineal cyst no follow-up recommended 3. Few tiny hyperintensities in the white matter including one left corpus callosum non-specific but more than expected for age differential diagnosis is broad and includes things like migraine headaches and many others inflammatory processes including demyelinating not excluded. Attention to these areas on follow-up recommended correlate clinically.