Diseases: ['schwannoma']
FINDINGS:

MRI of the brain demonstrates the right facial nerve schwannoma inthe stylomastoid foramen and descending mastoid portion which isstable accounting for differences in head angulation andpositioning.The right internal auditory canal enhancing mass measures 7 x 4 mmwhich is essentially unchanged. The left internal artery canalenhancing mass measures 4x4 mm which is increased in size in theinterval . These findings are compatible with bilateralvestibular schwannomas.There is stable appearance of the enhancing mass involving thecisternal portions of of the right fifth cranial nerve. Noobvious enhancement is seen involving the left 5th cranial nerve.A 6 x 5 mm extra axial enhancing masses seen over the righttentorium cerebelli which is stable. In addition a 11 x 12 mmenhancing right posterior parasagittal extra axial masses seenadjacent to the dural sinus which is stable. A third 6 x 11 mmenhancing right parasagittal extra axial masses seen which isslightly decreased in size. these findings are compatible withmultiple meningiomas. The dural venous sinuses are patent.There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage midline shift masseffect or hydrocephalus. The visualized paranasal sinuses andorbits are within normal limits. The calvarial bone marrow signalis within normal limits.MRI of the cervical spine demonstrates multilevel degenerativedisease which is worse at C5-C6 and C6-C7. The vertebral bodyheight alignment and bone marrow signal within normal limits.There is no labral enhancement or signal within the cord. Thespinal cord is not compromised. The craniovertebral junction isintact.MRI of the thoracic spine demonstrates normal vertebral bodyheight alignment and bone marrow signal. There is no abnormalenhancement or signal seen within the thoracic cord. The spinalcanal is not compromise.MRI of the lumbar spine demonstrates a 7 x 6.4 mm enhancingintradural extramedullary mass at L2 which may represent ameningioma schwannoma or ependymoma which is stable . There arestable appearance of the prominent vessel in the distal conusmedullaris. The conus is within normal limits. The vertebralbody heights alignment bone marrow signal are within normallimits. The paravertebral soft tissues are within normal limits.The spinal canal is not compromised.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable right facial schwannoma as described above.2. Stable appearance of the enhancing mass involving the cisternalportion of the right fifth cranial nerve.3. Stable appearance of the right vestibular schwannoma.4. Interval increase in the size of the left vestibularschwannoma.5. Stable appearance of the three meningiomas described above.6. Stable appearance of the intradural extramedullary enhancingmass at L2 as described above.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation