Diseases: ['hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

Some of the series are at least minimally degraded by motion but not all and diagnostic information is available. The ventricles and CSF spaces are nearly symmetric and are moderately prominent more than expected for stated age of 55. Ventricular prominence involves lateral and third ventricles more than the fourth ventricle but no transependymal flow and temporal horns not markedly dilated such that volume loss is favored over compensated hydrocephalus. Hyperdynamic flow void not apparent in aqueduct. Volume loss also involves posterior fossa structures to a similar extent as supratentorial structures no asymmetry or focal regional involvement to give specificity. Prominent perivascular spaces are noted in the left anterior basal ganglia but there are also malacic foci deep gray matter structures most notably left lentiform nucleus and thalamus and scattered small white matter hyperintensities periventricular and deep white matter regions. No suspicious periventricular confluent increased intensity to suggest transependymal flow of CSF. No acute findings on diffusion-weighted images. Gradient echo images are more degraded by motion than most other sequences perhaps very minimal susceptibility associated with left basal ganglia malacic focus but in general little to no evidence of focal abnormal susceptibility. Minimal tortuosity of vertebral basilar system but otherwise appropriate intracranial flow voids are apparent minimal distortion left pontomedullary junction but this is nonspecific and of uncertain clinical relevance if any in this setting. Shallow and minimally expanded sella partially empty appearance but nonspecific. Minimally prominent CSF dorsal posterior fossa probably variant anatomy no mass effect.
IMPRESSION:

1. Moderate parenchymal volume loss ventricular prominence more than the fourth ventricle but nearly concordant with sulci such that parenchymal volume loss is favored over compensated hydrocephalus. Comparison studies would be helpful if available. 2. Few scattered periventricular and deep white matter hyperintensities on the T2 weighted and flair images small more defined malacic foci deep gray matter structures especially left lentiform nucleus and thalamus possibly chronic small vessel ischemic changes. Little to no abnormal susceptibility to suggest prior hemorrhage although the left basal ganglia malacic focus could have had a component of blood at some point. No comparisons.