Diseases: ['meningioma', 'meningioma', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes are noted from left retrosigmoid craniectomy and cranioplasty with partial resection of previously demonstrated meningioma. There are postoperative sequela including scalp soft tissue swelling left mastoid opacification intracranial and subcutaneous gas a small extra-axial collection in the left posterior fossa a small amount of hemorrhage in the operative bed and mild edema and mass-effect within the left cerebellar hemisphere. There is evidence of small area of cytotoxic edema in the left cerebellar hemisphere adjacent to the surgical bed. The left sigmoid sinus is not seen in today's exam. This may be due to acute post surgical thrombosis or secondary to surgical resection. Minimal extra axial subdural hemorrhage is noted over the right hemisphere. Residual enhancing mass is noted - extending from the left cerebellopontine angle to the left middle cranial fossa through the left petrous apex now with interval reduction of the mass effect on the left midbrain and pons. However compared to prior exam there has been worsening of mass effect in the posterior fossa secondary to cerebellar swelling with effacement of the fourth ventricle and basal cisterns. The lateral and third ventricles continue to appear prominent with mild worsening compared to the prior exam. There is stable displacement of the left posterior cerebral and superior cerebellar arteries and the basilar artery. There are stable foci of T2/ flair hyperintensity in the deep and subcortical white matter likely chronic small vessel ischemic changes. Similar periventricular foci are again noted that may be a combination of small vessel ischemic changes and transependymal flow of CSF. Stable mucosal thickening in the frontal and sphenoid sinuses as well as bilateral ethmoidal air cells and the most inferior aspect of the maxillary sinuses. Stable well-defined approximately 2 cm mass lesion is seen in the right parotid gland. Tissue sampling is recommended.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes are noted from left retrosigmoid craniectomy with mesh cranioplasty and partial excision of previously demonstrated meningioma. Residual enhancing meningioma with associated mass effect as described above. Postoperative sequelae as above. While mass effect upon the brainstem has improved secondary to partial mass resection there has been worsening of overall mass effect in the posterior fossa with effacement and displacement of the fourth ventricle and basilar cisterns. There has been an interval slight increase in size of the lateral and third ventricles. 2. The left sigmoid sinus is not seen in today's exam. This may be due to acute post surgical thrombosis or secondary to surgical resection. 3. Probable sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. 4. Right parotid mass. Tissue simply recommended.