Diseases: ['hematoma', 'hematoma', 'thrombosis', 'lymphoma', 'meningitis', 'tuberculosis']
FINDINGS:

Summary of outside studies:On outside CT 1/18/08 moderate sized bilateral subdural hematomas were seen with mixed attenuation on both sides nearly isodense on the left mixed hyper and hypodense in the right diffuse sulcal effacement and effacement of basal cisterns suggested increased intracranial pressure without midline shift. On the MRI dated 1/30/2008 it was evident that drainage of the right subdural collection had been performed. There was abnormal signal involving subcortical white matter with possible thickening of cortex as well under the craniotomy flap involving right temporal and parietal lobe foci not diffusion-bright. There was however diffusion-bright signal in the splenium of the corpus callosum and a tiny punctate diffusion-bright focus right occipital lobe cortex. Long TR images showed abnormal signal medial thalamus bilaterally not diffusion-bright. The latter showed increased signal on T1-weighted images and there was enhancement medial thalamus left greater than right dorsolateral midbrain and splenium as well as multiple smaller foci of enhancement left parietal white matter. Left subdural collection still present. Abnormal signal intensity was also seen in dorsolateral midbrain. Dural enhancement was present over both convexities. Except for the subdural collections these findings were not evident on 1/18/2008 CT head but there are no studies between these dates and evolution of findings during this interval would be of interest. MR angiogram from 1/30/2008 was motion degraded the major intracranial arterial branches appeared patent no convincing vascular abnormality. Note is also made that flow voids were apparent and deep venous system as was major dural venous sinuses. On 2/4/2008 hyperdense material indicating hemorrhage was present centered on the splenium right more than left left subdural collection remain untouched evolving postsurgical changes noted on the right including hypodense peripheral foci the right parietal and temporal lobes described above. The splenium appeared decreased in attenuation and minimally expanded on this view. Medial thalamic abnormalities were subtle but present on right more than left. Findings at that exam were concordant with our initial internal CT head dated 2/5/2008 at 2250 hrs. Findings of current study:As on the brain MRI from 2/12/08 there is a subdural hematoma along the left cerebral hemisphere. A small mixed signal intensity right subdural hematoma is also again visualized underlying the right parietal craniotomy site appropriate evolution. Again seen are foci of FLAIR signal abnormality or peripheral right temporal and parietal lobes laterally under the craniotomy site as seen previously decreasing in prominence since outside studies. Signal abnormality in medial thalamus midbrain and splenium is similar to 2/12/2008 but hemorrhage has appeared since outside MRI 1/30/2008 in splenium and signal abnormality on T2 weighted images has minimally increased in overall extent could be at least partially related to interval hemorrhage. Signal abnormality in left parietal white matter have also evolved and these no longer enhance. There is however enhancement in medial thalamus bilaterally and within the splenium right more than left. As a small focus of increased signal intensity in the left medial temporal lobe as well on FLAIR images series 2 image 22. The enhancement has minimally decreased in prominence since the prior exam. Changes in enhancement could prove related to treatment with steroids if this is ongoing. There is dural enhancement over both convexities which could be explained by subdural hematomas. Relative cerebral blood volume and show show no convincing increased blood volume in the region of the splenium or medial thalamus or anywhere else. Hemorrhage within the splenium could create enough artifact to mask subtle abnormalities however.
IMPRESSION:

1. Left subdural collection probably hematoma with smaller right sided subdural hematoma and evolving associated postsurgical changes. These do not create substantial mass effect or midline shift. Signal abnormalities right temporal and parietal lobes probably represent contusions and/or ischemic foci perhaps related to right-sided subdural evacuation decreasing in prominence over time. 2. Evolving signal abnormalities involving splenium corpus callosum medial thalamus dorsolateral midbrain and left parietal white matter. Reviewing images from outside and comparing to current hemorrhage had appeared on or around 2/4/2008 but has been evolving since in the splenium enhancement has decreased since 1/30/2008 which could be at least partially related to steroid therapy if this has been given but has not progressed cytotoxic edema evident in splenium on outside study 1/30/2008 is no longer apparent. No convincing increase in relative cerebral blood volume. Note is made that no imaging studies between first outside CT on 1/18/2008 and MRI 1/30/2008 are available so it is unclear whether there were imaging findings between these studies although it can be seen that the right subdural was evacuated in the interval. The findings involving splenium thalamus dorsolateral midbrain and left frontal white matter of particular interest. Vasculitis is a primary consideration. While deep venous thrombosis or possibly top of basilar syndrome could have caused this appearance these vessels appeared patent on available imaging so if this were the cause the veins (or arteries) involved have recanalized. Other differential considerations include a neoplastic process such as lymphoma and less likely carcinomatous meningitis inflammatory conditions including sarcoid infectious conditions including tuberculosis. Trauma could present with this pattern but there is no clinical history of trauma per Dr. Messe. This interpretation differs from preliminary interpretation from 2/13/2008 night read and these changes and current interpretation were discussed at length with Dr. Messe neurology.