Diseases: ['tuberculosis', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

MRI examination of the brain was performed usingsagittal T1 axial T2 flair diffusion and axial and coronalpost contrast T1 weighted sequences. MRA of the intracranialcirculation was performed using 3D time-of-flight technique.There are no prior examinations at this institution forcomparison.Today's examination demonstrates a soft tissue mass along thedorsal aspect of the clivus with iso- to low signal on T1weighted sequences and low signal on T2 weighted sequences. Thislesion exerts mass effect upon the ventral pons and basilarartery. There is also abnormally low signal within the clivalmarrow petrous apices occipital condyles extending to andpossibly involving the hypoglossal canals bilaterally. Multiplelateral retropharyngeal lymph nodes are present; the lymph node onthe right is necrotic. Upon the administration of intravenouscontrast the mass along the dorsal clivus enhances avidly.Although the flow void of the basilar artery is grossly patent there appears to be near-complete encasement of the basilar arteryby the tumor. Additionally there is more tumor noted within theright cavernous sinus particularly along its inferolateralaspect extending inferiorly through foramen ovale into the rightmasticator space. There is partial effacement of both Meckel'scaves raising the suspicion of tumor within both of these areas aswell. On T2-weighted imaging abnormally low signal is notedwithin both pterygopalatine fossae left greater than right. Onboth sides tumor extends through the sphenopalatine foramina andthen into the nasopharynx. Tumor approaches but does notdefinitely enter the inferior orbital fissures on both sides.This constellation of findings is highly concerning fornasopharyngeal carcinoma.No other abnormalities are noted.MRA of the head demonstrates normal appearance of the petrous cavernous and supraclinoid segments of the internal carotidarteries bilaterally. The anterior and middle cerebral arteriesand their distal branches are normal. The intradural vertebralarteries basilar artery basilar tip and posterior cerebralarteries are normal as well. There are no aneurysms orhemodynamically significant stenoses. Specifically the basilarartery is normal caliber along its entire course.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extensive skull base tumor as described above. It involvesthe clivus pre-pontine cistern petrous apices occipitalcondyles possibly the hypoglossal canals extends through theright foramen ovale to the cavernous sinus probably both Meckel'scaves pterygopalatine fossae sphenopalatine foramina andnasopharynx. Pathologic lymphadenopathy is noted. This ishighly concerning for nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Also possible arelymphoma and metastatic disease. Chordoma is less likely giventhe low T2 signal. Infectious/inflammatory considerations includesarcoid tuberculosis and fungal disease.2. Despite mass effect and possible encasement of the basilarartery the vessel is normal caliber on the MRA.3. Please note that follow-up imaging should be performed withBrain/Orbits protocol.Clinical history and results discussed with the housestaff fromthe Department of Emergency Medicine.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation