Diseases: ['metastasis', 'metastasis', 'metastasis', 'metastasis', 'metastasis']
FINDINGS:

There is a 1.9 x 2.2 x 2.3 cm (AP x TRV x CC) heterogeneously enhancing metastasis in the right frontal lobe with surrounding vasogenic edema and expansion of adjacent gyri and causing moderate narrowing of the right lateral ventricle and 4 mm leftward midline shift. No hydrocephalus. There are small foci of restricted diffusion mainly in the anterior aspect which may represent hypercellularity. There is a 7 mm homogeneously enhancing metastasis in the left occipital lobe (series 15 image 75). There is a 6 mm dural based metastasis along the anterior left frontal convexity. These are in addition to the There is a 8 mm metastasis in the left occipital bone (series 15 image 75). There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collection. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Basilar cisterns are patent. There is opacification of the lateral recesses of the frontal sinus and partial opacification of the ethmoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Two intracerebral metastases the largest one is in the right frontal lobe with surrounding vasogenic edema resulting in mild indentation of the right lateral ventricle and very mild right to left midline shift of 4 mm. 2. Small left frontal dural metastasis. 3. Left occipital bone metastasis. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITIONS: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: 1. Agree that there are 2 defined parenchymal masses most likely metastases the smaller left occipital lobe medially and anteriorly the larger in the posterior right frontal lobe; specifically the larger lesion is in the precentral gyrus just lateral to precentral knob and in proximity to face primary motor cortex. Relative blood volume of the larger lesion is markedly increased at the enhancing margins but not within the center and appears less solid than predicted from postcontrast images question previously treated and/or with some central necrosis. There are some small foci of decreased diffusion outside of the enhancing margin within the more homogeneous T2 bright vasogenic edema surround (series 8 image 26) uncertain significance. 2. Small left anterior frontal dural based metastasis is not clearly visualized favor this is more likely vascular; however there is minimal focal subcentimeter enhancement and question diffusion decrease in the left frontal bone in proximity (series 15 image 102) which could indicate another bone metastasis. This is in addition to the more convincing left occipital bone metastasis. Attention to these areas on followup is warranted. 3. Diffusion tractography requested for corticospinal tracts. This was performed bilaterally series for review include 602-604. Number of fibers tracked on the right is less than that on the left. As typical for this technique fibers tract medially and those extending to hand and especially face primary motor cortex cannot be seen secondary to interference from crossing fibers in the superior longitudinal fasciculus. Lack of visualization of fibers does not exclude important connectivity. Series for navigation are 701-FLAIR 702-postcontrast 3-D T1-weighted 703-corticospinal tracts.