Diseases: ['thrombosis', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

The images especially after contrast administration are severely motion degraded. Symmetric peripheral increase in DWI and less extensive corresponding decrease in ADC signal involving the bilateral posteromedial thalami is noted. There is associated mild increase in flair signal withextension to the walls of the third ventricle bilateral hypothalami tectum and walls of the fourth ventricle. While there is extensive artifact in the area there is questionable enhancement of the walls of the fourth ventricle (image 12 of series 3D). No other abnormal parenchymal enhancement or susceptibility is noted. These findings likely represent Wernicke's encephalopathy given patient's history of alcohol abuse. However T1-weighted images demonstrate mild hyperintensity in the vein of Galen extending to the internal cerebral veins (image 12 of series 1). There is corresponding susceptibility in this vessels on image 15 of series 4. This may repersent at least partial thrombosis of these venous structures with venous hypertension that could produce similar appearance. There are scattered nonspecific foci of T2/ flair hyperintensity in the periventricular deep and subcortical white matter. An old lacunar infarct is noted in the right side of the pons.There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. There are expected flow voids at the skull base. There is thickening and enhancement of the right eyelid measuring 1.6 x 0.6 mm. The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Symmetric mild restricted diffusion in the periphery of the posteriormedial thalami bilaterally with associated flair signal abnormality most likely represent Wernicke's encephalopathy. Possible abnormal signal in the vein of Galen and proximal internal cerebral veins could represent at least partial thrombosis of these structures with associated venous hypertension. However there is no evidence of parenchymal hemorrhages to support it. Presence of expected flow voids in the basilar artery and its branches argues against arterial thrombosis. Absence of enhancement makes tumor unlikely. Presence of infection causing abnormal signal in the walls of the third and fourth ventricles cannot be completely excluded. If it is a concern consider CSF sampling. Repeat MRI with MRV is recommended. 2. Bilateral nonspecific foci of T2 that flair hyperintensity may be seen in patient's with migraines small vessel ischemic disease and variety of inflammatory and infectious conditions. 3. Enhancing soft tissue thickening in the right superior eyelid. Correlate with clinical examination. The findings were discussed with Dr. Oppenheim at 1:30 am on 5/16/09 who stated that the CSF sampling was negative and patient has a stye on the right eye lid. Attending interpretation: Agree with above. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.