Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

There are bilateral left greater than right thin subdural collections that are T1 isointense and T2 hyperintense. There is restricted diffusion within these collections along the frontal convexities. No contrast was administered to assess for underlying enhancement. Subdural empyema not excluded. Alternatively this may represent restriction from presence of blood product in the subdural space. Along the left posterior frontal parietal posterior temporal sulci there is T2 prolongation. In addition there appears to be T2 prolongation in thickening of the cortex of the left posterior temporal lobe. Some areas of T2 prolongation in the associated subcortical white matter. There is restricted diffusion patchy in this area. In addition in combination with opacification of the left mastoid air cells there is T2 hyperintense signal within the left sigmoid and transverse sinus. MR venogram demonstrates probable slow flow within the left sigmoid sinus however no signal is seen in the left transverse sinus. Overall pattern does raise the possibility of venous sinus thrombosis with associated venous infarction. Recommend repeat MR venogram utilizing a lower velocity encoding (5 and 10). No focus of susceptibility artifact is seen in the areas of abnormal signal on gradient echo sequences. The ventricles are normal in size and attenuation. There is no mass effect or midline shift. Small hyperdense foci along the right convexity seen on the prior CT appear to correspond to prominent venous structures. Nonspecific deep white matter and periventricular signal abnormality is identified that likely reflect sequela of small vessel ischemic disease. Partial opacification of the sphenoid sinuses is noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Bilateral subdural collections as above. Restricted diffusion within these collections this may be secondary to underlying blood product. Infected collection not excluded. 2. No definite flow seen in the left transverse sinus with probable slow flow in left sigmoid sinus. Findings do raise the concern for venous sinus thrombosis. Abnormal signal in the left posterior cerebrum as detailed above may represent sequela of venous infarct. Repeat MR venogram is suggested utilizing lower velocity encoding factor. Contrast enhanced MRI would be useful for additional characterization of abnormalities. If this is in fact slow flow other etiologies for the parenchymal abnormalities detailed above include infectious and possibly metastatic disease. 3. Findings discussed with Dr. Szperka from neurology.