Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

Some images are motion degraded however the study remains diagnostic. MRI: There is extensive diffusion restriction with associated T2 prolongation in the right cerebral hemisphere in a watershed distribution compatible with acute watershed infarct. There is associated sulcal effacement and mild mass effect on the superior aspect of the right lateral ventricle. There are additional foci of restricted diffusion within the left frontal lobe and anterior insular cortex with associated cortical enhancement compatible with subacute infarct older than that on the right. There is no evidence of parenchymal hemorrhage extra-axial collection or midline shift. The basal cisterns are patent. MRA: There is significant narrowing of the right internal carotid artery with only string like enhancement on the 3-D time of flight postcontrast sequences to the level of the skull base where there appears to be complete occlusion with reconstitution of a portion of the supraclinoid internal carotid artery via the right posterior communicating artery and possibly the right ophthalmic artery. The origins of the great vessels are patent. Both common carotid arteries are within normal limits. The intracranial and extracranial portions of the left internal carotid artery are within normal limits without evidence of stenosis dissection or occlusion. The vertebral arteries from their origins on the subclavian arteries to the vertebral basilar junction as well as the basilar artery and its branches are patent without evidence of stenosis dissection or occlusion. There is diminished flow related enhancement on the 3-D time of flight images of the cerebral circulation in particular the distal portions of the anterior middle and posterior cerebral arteries this is of uncertain etiology and may be technical. On the postcontrast 3-D time of flight sequences there is enhancement within the anterior middle and posterior cerebral arteries bilaterally with overall diminished enhancement to the right cerebral hemisphere with respect to the left. There is no definite stenosis occlusion or vascular malformation.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extensive acute/subacute watershed infarct involving the right cerebral hemisphere likely secondary to right internal carotid artery occlusion. Subacute infarct within the left frontal lobe/left anterior insular cortex older than that on the right. Details above. 2. MRA demonstrates high grade narrowing of the right internal carotid artery from its origin to the level of the skull base with complete occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid artery to the level of the supraclinoid carotid artery where there is reconstitution via a right posterior communicating artery and probably the right ophthalmic artery. Diminished flow related enhancement to the right cerebral hemisphere with respect to the left. This case was discussed with an technologist by Dr. McCrea attending physician covering the patient asked 12 a.m. January 27 2010. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: Extensive watershed infarct throughout the right hemisphere with minimal punctate leptomeningeal enhancement as mentioned above. Punctate infarcts noted in the cortex of the left precentral gyrus with additional foci in the subcortical white matter of the left temporal/occipital lobes. Likely an acute/ or residual persistent restricted diffusion component superimposed on previously noted subacute infarct in the left frontal corona radiata with scattered enhancement. Punctate foci of acute ischemia in the right posteromedial frontal cortex and throughout the right lateral temporal cortex outside of the watershed distribution. The additional infarcts are concerning for additional embolic events. Pucctate focus of susceptibility in the right inferior posterior temoral lobe likely a microhemorrhage. Complete occlusion of the right internal carotid artery above the level of the bulb with minimal reconstitution of the terminal portion via the prominent posterior communicating artery. This is concerning for a dissection with in situ thrombosis. If clinically warranted further evaluation could be performed using CT angiogram. Common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. Dominant left intracranial vertebral artery.