Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

There is encephalomalacia in left temporal and occipital region extending to involve parietal lobe as well minimal ex vacuo dilatation atrium and occipital horn lateral ventricle in proximity. Ventricles and CSF spaces are otherwise symmetric and minimally prominent but concordant with age. Patchy hyperintensities are seen in the periventricular and deep white matter to a lesser extent deep gray matter structures. No prior MRI of the brain but pattern is concordant with CT November 27 2011. No acute findings on diffusion-weighted images. Small foci of susceptibility are identified right basal ganglia and peripheral right parietal lobe as well as peripheral right frontal lobe more subtle focus right cerebellum. Although one or more could represent old micro-bleeds at least frontal and parietal foci are more likely mineral is based on comparison with prior CT studies. Normal flow voids venous system with normal enhancement. Small less than 5-mm blush of enhancement mid pons without abnormal susceptibility possible small telangiectasia. Another small enhancing focus may be present in the right cerebellum possibly similar etiology but less certain. No comparisons adequate for assessing change. No other enhancing foci in parenchyma. MR angiogram of the head again reveals tortuous distal cervical internal carotid artery patent major proximal intracranial arterial branches probably without change from September 28 2008 study. There is a question of mild smooth narrowing distal left M1 proximal M2 branches at bifurcation on left without flow gap (series 651 image 3) favor artifactual as from tortuosity/in plane flow. MR angiogram of the neck demonstrates partially thrombosed present a pseudoaneurysm right internal carotid artery with thrombosed portion approximately 22 mm in diameter similar appearance to prior on unenhanced images. Retropharyngeal internal carotid arteries are seen bilaterally as is tortuous distal left internal carotid artery. Pattern is concordant with the prior study. Vertebral arteries are patent with right slightly dominant compared the left. Proximal common carotid arteries are also tortuous. On the enhanced MR angiogram better seen is residual lumen of the aneurysm vs. Pseudoaneurysm on the right short axis measures 10 mm as compared with 13 mm on the prior study such that thrombosis may have progressed since the prior study. Note is however made of a small secondary lobule of enhancement along the superior lateral aspect of thrombosed portion best seen on the second phase of contrast enhanced MRA (series 23 time image 51) possibly small area of recanalization. There is minimal enlargement of the thyroid gland with multiple T1-bright nodules increasing since the prior study. Technique is not optimal for this assessment.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute findings in the brain old branch MCA transcortical ischemic injury as well as bilateral subcortical probable chronic ischemic changes are as described in findings. 2. Small subtle enhancing foci central pons and in right cerebellum the former possibly capillary telangiectasia the latter may or may not be of similar origin motion minimally limits detail no comparisons to accurately assess for change. 3. Patent proximal intracranial arterial branches probably without change since September 28 2008 though question of mild narrowing distal left M1 proximal M2 branches at bifurcation on left favor artifactual but correlate clinically. 4. Partially thrombosed cervical right internal carotid artery aneurysm or pseudoaneurysm evolving since prior residual lumen decreased in volume but partial recanalization superolateral aspect with slow filling as detailed in findings. 5. Enlarging thyroid nodules incompletely evaluated consider ultrasound.