Diseases: ['hematoma', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

BRAIN: There is motion degradation of some sequences although the exam is of diagnostic value. Again noted is a left temporal lobe hematoma with stable surrounding edema and mass effect grossly unchanged from the recent prior head CT. Significant susceptibility artifact intrinsic to the hematoma on GRE sequence precludes evaluation for cortical vein thrombosis. Stable thin left&gt;right cerebral convexity subdural hematomas as well as stable subarachnoid hemorrhage involving a single left parietal sulcus. Small amount of blood layering within the left greater than right occipital horns. No new areas of hemorrhage identified. Scattered foci of hyperintense T2/FLAIR signal abnormality within the periventricular and subcortical white matter are non-specific however likely reflective of chronic microvascular ischemic change in a patient of this age. No evidence of acute infarct. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. Postcontrast imaging is degraded by motion artifact however there is no pathologic enhancement. A small right frontal scalp lipoma is noted. Moderate circumferential mucosal thickening of the left maxillary and right sphenoid sinuses as well as mild circumferential mucosal thickening of the ethmoid air cells and frontal sinuses. Bilateral lens prostheses. MRA: 3-D time of flight MRA of the circle of Willis is degraded by motion artifact. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There is no flow limiting stenosis. Grossly no aneurysm formation is identified within the confines of this motion degraded exam. Posteriorly the bilateral intradural vertebral arteries basilar artery and distal branches are patent and free of flow limiting stenosis. MRV: The left transverse sinus and left internal jugular vein are aplastic. The left sigmoid sinus is hypoplastic. The right transverse sigmoid and internal jugular veins are dominant. These findings are likely on the basis of congenital variance. The superior sagittal sinus inferior sagittal sinus straight sinus and vein of Galen are patent. There is no evidence of venous sinus thrombosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Relatively stable left temporal parenchymal hematoma thin left&gt;right subdural hematomas as well as small amount of left parietal subarachnoid hemorrhage with associated susceptibility artifact. 2. Motion degraded MRA of the circle of Willis demonstrating no flow limiting stenosis large aneurysm nor vascular malformation. 3. MRV of the dural venous sinuses demonstrating a right sided dominant system likely on the basis of congenital variance. No evidence of dural venous sinus thrombosis. If there is persistent clinical concern for cortical vein thrombosis conventional angiography may be of additional value. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.