Diseases: ['thrombosis', 'hematoma', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Evaluation of the spine demonstrates normal alignment. There are mild degenerative changes. No focal marrow lesions are identified. There is a syrinx which extends from the craniocervical junction down to the T2 level. The syrinx is most prominent in the mid to lower cervical and upper thoracic spine. There is a sub dural collection along the dorsal aspect of the cord which extends cranially from the upper thoracic spine and extends caudally into the sacral canal. T1 shortening suggests that this is a subdural hematoma. The subdural hematoma causes mass effect and flattening of the mid to lower thoracic cord and severe mass effect and flattening of the conus and cauda equina throughout the lumbar canal. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter with enlargement of the entire ventricular system especially the fourth ventricle. Ventriculomegaly has improved slightly since most recent CT dated 3/23/09. Enlarged fourth ventricle displaces the brainstem anteriorly resulting in effacement of the basilar cisterns. Periventricular signal compatible with transependymal CSF flow. 2. Status post left retromastoid craniotomy with signal abnormality in the cerebellum left jugular bulb sigmoid sinus and possibly transverse sinus thrombosis and left suboccipital rim enhancing pseudomeningocele. 3. New punctate focus of restricted diffusion in the posterior body of the corpus callosum just right of midline. No acute territorial infarct. Blood products seen in the interpeduncular cistern. 4. Syrinx extending from the craniocervical junction down to the T2 level. 5. Large subdural hematoma throughout the entire thoracic and lumbar canal. There is mass effect and flattening of the mid to lower thoracic cord and severe mass effect and flattening of the conus and cauda equina. Size of the hematoma and mass effect on the cord is likely stable. Above discussed with acknowledged by Dr. Lang from neurosurgery at 3 a.m. 3/26/09. Final Attending