Diseases: ['empyema', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

Sulcal effacement and relatively small ventricles redemonstrated mild midline shift to the left has decreased since September 2011 MRI and is similar to recent CT head. Best seen on FLAIR and postcontrast T1-weighted images there is diffuse enhancement right greater than left convexities in primarily a pachymeningeal pattern though there is evidence of more defined collection right frontal convexity (series 8 image 21) and right parietal region near prior craniotomy site (series 8 image 28). At this latter focus there is increased signal intensity on diffusion-weighted images which appears extra dural and intracranial dark on ADC maps and may represent infected fluid. Moreover there is abnormal subcortical signal intensity on long-TR images in the parietal lobe in proximity seen also on comparison CT but not on prior MRI. Diffuse increased signal intensity in the sulci over the right convexity is redemonstrated on flair images as well but not quite as prominent as on the prior exam with facilitated diffusion in this location. Dural thickening/enhancement is also seen over bilateral tentorium in the posterior fossa and also in the falx as well seen also previously. Susceptibility weighted images not acquired as part of the study flow voids are appreciated in major intracranial arteries and veins except for left proximal transverse sinus part of which is not well visualized although there is a flow void in the sigmoid sinus and there is enhancement in the left transverse sinus such that this may represent slow flow the appearance is similar to prior MRI. No definite isolated cortical vein thrombosis on the right but this could easily be missed on this study. No abnormal parenchymal enhancement although sulci do show some enhancement on the right convexity where there is signal abnormality on FLAIR images.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes on the right slightly increasing collection at this location compared to MRI September 29 2011 with decreased diffusion concern is for infection and possibly empyema especially with parenchymal subcortical abnormality parietal lobe in proximity developing since the prior study. Parietal abnormality shows facilitated diffusion pattern not suggestive of arterial ischemia no parenchymal enhancement to verify cerebritis but this is a possibility. Venous ischemia is a consideration the major intracranial venous structures are visualized as far as flow voids with the exception of left transverse sinus as described above and previously. Small cortical vein thrombus could be missed with this technique however. Discussed with Dr. Zager at 930 hours November 2 2011. 2. Diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement least one other collection right frontal region which does not show restricted diffusion is more defined and probably evolving appropriately since prior study. Subarachnoid space abnormality over the right convexity redemonstrated though less prominent in comparison MRI. Meningitis not excluded but this may represent evolving blood products.