Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Small focal area of encephalomalacia is seen right posterior parietal cortical and immediate subcortical region. Small Focus of T2 prolongation is also seen in the left posterior superior frontal gyrus at the vertex. Scattered foci of T2 prolongation in bilateral subcortical deep and periventricular white matter nonspecific. No areas of restricted diffusion are seen to suggest acute or subacute ischemia. There is no abnormal enhancement. The ventricles and sulci are mildly prominent top normal for patient's age. The intracranial flow voids are normal with tortuosity of the intracranial arteries. The PASL sequences were slightly degraded by motion more so prior to acetazolamide administration. No definite territorial hypoperfusion or areas of asymmetric perfusion seen. After administration of acetazolamide there is diffuse homogeneous and of brain perfusion with no significant asymmetry seen. Cerebral blood flow ranged from 40- 60 ml/100 g brain tissue per minute pre-acetazolamide to 80-100 ml/100g brain tissue minute post- acetazolamide without convincing asymmetries between cerebral hemispheres. Note is made that posterior circulation territories do have higher blood flow on the PASL technique before and after acetazolamide compared to anterior circulation regions about 30% by measurements but this can be exaggerated with PASL technique. No appreciable areas of low rCBV or rCBF in the brain and no convincing asymmetry or delay on TTP maps apparent on bolus contrast perfusion MRI (post-acetazolamide). The calvarium is normal. The orbits are normal. Minimal mucosal thickening of bilateral maxillary sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. No acute intracranial abnormality. Small foci of encephalomalacia in the right posterior parietal and left frontal lobes involving cortex. Probable small foci of subcortical chronic small vessel ischemic change. 2. Relatively symmetric perfusion hemispheres with satisfactory blood flow augmentation bilaterally after acetazolamide correlate with vascular imaging studies. Discussed with Dr. Messe 12/15/2011 acknowledged.