Diseases: ['pneumocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There is an extensive restricted diffusion abnormality involvingthe entire left middle cerebral arterial distribution. This isassociated with diffuse cerebral swelling T2/FLAIR signalabnormality and mild mass effect. Abnormal signal diffusionrestriction and mass effect is also noted in the left caudate headand putamen.On the MR angiogram no antegrade flow related enhancement isdemonstrated in either internal carotid artery suggestingextremely slow flow or thrombosis. Increased T1/FLAIR signalsuggests thrombosis as does absence of T2 flow void except fordistal most supraclinoid right ICA. No flow related enhancement isdemonstrated in the left M1 distribution past the left ICAbifurcation. The left A1 is visible.The intracranial portions of both vertebral arteries areunremarkable though somewhat diminutive in caliber. The basilarartery and major branches are unremarkable. The bilateral P1segments appear hypoplastic and prominent posterior bilateralcommunicating arteries are present. Review of thin axial 3D postgadolinium images from prior STEALTH exam demonstrates a P1 to bepresent on the right and severely hypoplastic on the left ifpresent. MIP images do not clearly demonstrate connectionsbetween posterior and anterior circulations. This may be due toartifact relating to very high velocities and turbulence.Alternatively and probably in combination external carotidartery anastomoses may be providing some contribution to theanterior circulation flow.The basal cisterns are patent and there is no evidence ofherniation at this time.There are postsurgical changes from the left parietooccipitalcraniotomy with underlying fluid and hemorrhage. Extra axialpneumocephalus is noted over the left frontal convexity. There isintrinsic T1 shortening due to hemorrhage but no convincingenhancement after gadolinium. Scattered foci of T2 prolongationwith intrinsic T1 shortening are also noted over the leftconvexity and in the right posterior parietal lobe. These arestable in comparison to prior STEALTH exam.
IMPRESSION:

1. Complete left middle cerebral arterial territory acuteinfarct. There is no flow related enhancement demonstrated ineither internal carotid artery or left MCA.2. Multi focal T2 abnormalities in the left frontoparietalconvexity and right posterior parietal lobe with intrinsic T1shortening. Stable findings likely related to the patient'sunderlying vasculitis and subacute ischemic events.3. Postoperative changes from left parietooccipital craniotomywith intracranial pneumocephalus and blood/fluid in the operativecavity. No convincing postoperative enhancement.These above findings were discussed with both neurology andneurosurgery at the time of review and dictation. Additionalfinding of absent flow related enhancement in the internal carotidarteries was discussed with their surgery at approximately 2345hours 05-21-05.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation