Diseases: ['thrombosis', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

MRI brain: A large peripherally based area of altered signal intensity is noted in the left posterior temporo-occipital lobes measuring approximately 40 x 20 mm in maximum dimension with surrounding areas of T2 and flair hyperintensity extending into the contiguous portions of the left occipital lobe and medially along the left periatrial white matter and along the posterior aspects of the internal and external capsules. It is heterogeneously hyperintense on T2 weighted sequences with peripheral hypointensity which shows susceptibility on the gradient sequence and some diffusion restriction. It is predominantly hyperintense on the noncontrast T1 weighted sequences with no appreciable postcontrast enhancement. Findings consistent with presence of blood products in the subacute stage. Mild mass effect is noted with effacement of adjacent cerebral sulci and slightly effaced left lateral ventricle. No shift of midline structures is identified. Focal area of diffusion hyperintensity in the right frontal centrum semiovale as seen on image numbers 83 to 85 of series 5 does not show corresponding low ADC values and is hyperintense on T2 and flair sequence thought to be from T2 shine through; old insult. Additional scattered areas of T2 and flair hyperintensity are seen in bilateral frontal lobes left parietal white matter which are nonspecific. No definite extra-axial hemorrhage is noted. No hydrocephalus or effacement of basal cisterns is noted. No intraparenchymal enhancing mass lesions or increased leptomeningeal/ pachymeningeal enhancement is noted. Minimal fluid is seen in the left mastoids. Visualized paranasal sinuses show evidence of mild mucosal disease in few scattered bilateral anterior ethmoid air cells and in the region of the right maxillary sinus. MR venography: On MR venography there is poor/ nonvisualization of the vein of Galen straight sinus left transverse sinus sigmoid sinus and left internal jugular vein consistent with thrombosis. On the postcontrast axial and coronal T1-weighted sequences nonenhancing central filling defect is identified in the region of vein of Galen/ straight sinus left transverse sigmoid sinuses and left internal jugular vein. The superior sagittal sinus right-sided transverse and sigmoid sinuses right internal jugular vein and bilateral internal cerebral veins are normally visualized.
IMPRESSION:

1. Findings consistent with dural venous sinus thrombosis and hemorrhagic venous infarction in the left temporo-occipital lobes as described in detail above. Comparison with outside imaging and clinical findings is suggested.