Diseases: ['normal', 'normal', 'thrombosis', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

The brain parenchyma is normal with no masses intracranial hemorrhage acute territorial infarction extra-axial collection or midline shift. MR venogram demonstrates hypoplastic left transverse sinus. There is no evidence of thrombosis on sagittal T1-weighted images. Comparison to CT scan of the brain dated February 15 2009 also demonstrates a shallow groove for left transverse and sigmoid sinuses. The dural venous sinuses and major deep venous structures are all patent.
IMPRESSION:

1. The MRI of the brain is within normal limits. 2. No dural or deep venous thrombosis. Hypoplastic left transverse sinus. *ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: I partially agree with the preliminary report with the following modifications or additions: Patient is 31 weeks pregnant. Long history of intermittent headaches with pregnancy. New unsteadiness. Patient somewhat orthostatic on this admission. As mentioned there is normal appearance of the brain parenchyma on this noncontrast study. There is increased FLAIR signal in the left transverse sinus a finding which has been present on prior studies. In contrast to prior MRV studies from 2/27/2009 and 7/28/2011 there is no longer flow visualized in the left transverse sinus on sagittal phase contrast MRV and there is decreased flow visualized on 2D time of flight in comparison to the recent 7/28/2011 MRV as well. These findings could either be due to slower flow secondary to physiologic factors such as orthostasis or progressive thrombosis. CTV would be the best method for further evaluation but is relatively contraindicated in pregnancy as is gadolinium MRI. Repeat MRV when the patient is not orthostatic and with lower VENC of 5 might be useful. Note that while there has always been less flow on the left the size of the left transverse sinus as seen on sagittal T1 images is not much smaller than the right side. Flow in the left sigmoid sinus is normal distal to the vein of Labbe.