Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple foci of abnormal signal intensity suggestive of encephalomalacia which appear peripheral and bilateral most notably left frontoparietal region along sensorimotor cortex bilateral frontal lobes anterior to this point on right greater than left all of which appear to involve cortex and subcortical white matter and which appear chronic in age. None of the these enhance and diffusion-weighted images are unremarkable. There are a few subcortical foci of increased signal intensity in white matter to a much lesser extent for example) the peri-atrial white matter. On enhanced images there are slightly prominent and tortuous vessels some of which are clearly venous most notably medullary veins but others along sulci may be arterial or venous. No convincing parenchymal enhancement. MR venography shows small but patent major dural venous sinuses and deep venous structures. The sella is minimally enlarged and has a partially empty appearance. Optic nerve sheaths are prominent and fluid filled. There is a T1-dark mass in the left clivus measuring about 15 mm in greatest transverse diameter enhances. No other focal T1-dark lesions are identified. Appropriate arterial intracranial flow voids are appreciated.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing mass left clivus. Metastatic lesion is a consideration although the patient is 37 years old. It is off midlineand not T2- bright so less likely chordoma though other primary bone neoplasm remains possible. Correlate with CT and/or history of possible primary neoplasm. 2. Multiple bilateral peripheral foci of encephalomalacia suggestive of chronic ischemic and probably embolic events perhaps cardiac origin or vasculopathy chronic appearance. Given history venous etiology is also possible such as with cortical vein occlusive events. 3. Minimally tortuous and prominent enhancing vessels intracranially some of which are venous in others which may be arterial or venous as detailed above probably venous. Patent venous structures on MR venogram though dural sinuses are a little small in appearance which could be related to prior thrombotic events. 4. Minimal expansion sella turcica and prominent optic nerve sheaths may indicate chronic increased intracranial pressure. Message left with Dr. Tamhankar's office with whom the patient apparently has an appointment on Wednesday next week.