Diseases: ['meningioma', 'gliosis']
FINDINGS:

MRI: Again noted are postsurgical changes in the posterior fossa related to the left suboccipital craniotomy and resection of the left poster fossa atypical meningioma. There is persistent fluid opacification of the left mastoid air cells related to the postsurgical defect of the temporal bone. There is T2 prolongation and malacia along the left cerebellum. There is an area of T2/flair hyperintensity in the right frontal lobe extending toward the frontal horn with a few punctate foci of susceptibility at probable prior ventricular catheter tract. This was visualized on 5/12/2007 CT. There are a few scattered foci of T2/flair hyperintensity in the cerebral white matter likely due to small vessel disease. There is an old small right thalamic infarction. There is no restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. There is linear restricted diffusion the posterior margin of the left petrous temporal bone along the expected region of the left sigmoid sinus/jugular bulb likely chronic thrombosis versus adjacent chronic blood products. Minimal flow was noted in this region on preoperative MR/MRV from 4/29/2007. There is no acute hemorrhage midline shift extra-axial collection hydrocephalus or acute infarct. There is thickened enhancement along the dural margin of the posterior margin of the left petrous temporal bone to the left jugular foramen. While some of this could be postsurgical in nature there was concern for residual neoplasm in the sigmoid sinus/jugular bulb on postoperative MR from 5/1/2009 and some of this is likely residual neoplasm. No signficant mass effect. MRA: The cervical common carotid and internal carotid and vertebral arteries are normal. No evidence of dissection or hemodynamically significant stenosis. The intracranial internal carotid anterior middle and posterior cerebral as well as vertebrobasilar arteries are patent. There is no evidence of stenosis occlusion or aneurysmal dilatation. Incidental note is made of hypoplastic right A1 segment with right A2 segment supplied via the anterior communicating artery and a dominant left A1 segment. The right vertebral is hypoplastic and terminates as a PICA. Please note MRA is less sensitive than conventional angiography for less than 4 mm aneurysms.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes related to left suboccipital craniotomy and resection of the posterior fossa atypical meningioma. Likely postsurgical dural enhancement with some residual neoplasm at the chronically thrombosed left sigmoid sinus/jugular bulb region. 2. Probable chronic ischemic changes and gliosis along prior right frontal ventricular catheter tract. No evidence of acute infarction. 3. Unremarkable MRA of the brain and neck. No evidence of carotid dissection.