Diseases: ['hematoma', 'amyloid', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

There is a large hematoma in the right temporal lobe not significantly changed in size by recent head CT comparison. The signal characteristics are of acute hemorrhage. Again noted is mass effect within the right temporal lobe and effacement of the right lateral ventricle. There is approximately 2 mm of leftward midline shift. There is extension of the hemorrhage into the extra-axial spaces with subdural blood along the right cerebral convexity and along the tentorium. There are also scattered areas of subarachnoid blood along both cerebral convexities. There is also intraventricular extension with blood layering in the occipital horns bilaterally. There are numerous small foci and confluent areas of hyperintense T2 signal within the subcortical periventricular and deep white matter nonspecific but likely related to small vessel ischemic white matter disease. There are areas of restricted diffusion at sites of blood products but otherwise no evidence of restricted diffusion. There is susceptibility on gradient echo images within the right temporal lobe hematoma. A few additional small foci of susceptibility are noted in the left posterior temporal lobe and possibly the left frontal lobe. There is mild mucosal thickening within the paranasal sinuses. The intracranial internal carotid arteries A1 and M1 segments and branches are patent bilaterally. The vertebrobasilar system and branches are patent. The left vertebral artery is relatively hypoplastic. There is a relatively hypoplastic right P1 segment with a prominent right posterior communicating artery. No visualized aneurysm. No enlarged arterial vessels are vascular flow voids to suggest underlying vascular malformation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. Coronal MRV imaging demonstrates patency of the superior sagittal sinus straight sinus bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses and bilateral jugular bulbs. The left transverse sinus is relatively hypoplastic.
IMPRESSION:

1. Acute right temporal lobe hematoma with extra-axial and intra-ventricular extension as above. Differential considerations include amyloid angiopathy or potentially hemorrhagic infarction. No findings to suggest underlying vascular malformation. An underlying neoplastic lesion cannot be excluded and this evaluation is limited without the administration of contrast. 2. Sequela of chronic ischemic white matter disease. 3. No MRI evidence of venous sinus thrombosis. Dr. Serruya was notified of these findings in person at 9:15 pm on 11/28/2007.