Diseases: ['infarction', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

Again seen are findings in keeping with prior transnasal/transsphenoidal approach tumor resection with partial septectomy. There are continued mild mucosal changes along with proteinaceous cysts right greater than left in the maxillary sinuses. There is partial opacification of the ethmoid air cells. The mastoids are clear. There is no significant interval change in size or configuration of the residual skull base chordoma when compared with most recent prior study. Signal alteration/stable tumor is again noted in the residual body of the clivus occipital portions of the clivus left greater than right left cavernous sinus where it encases the left cavernous internal carotid artery about the pre-cavernous left internal carotid artery within left Meckel's cave along the bilateral petrous apices left lateral pituitary sella and extending into the left optic canal. There is continued mild mass effect from the mass on the pons stable. The mass is again seen to extend into the pre-pontine cistern and have approximately 180 degress of contact with the basilar artery. There is unchanged marked rightward deviation of the pituitary stalk. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. Again seen is the focus of signal alteration involving the subcortical white matter in the left temporal occipital lobe junction which is unchanged in size since the prior exam. This area does not demonstrate enhancement. The etiology of this finding is uncertain. There is a vascular structure near to this signal abnormality and this could possibly represent a small area of venous infarction secondary to cortical vein thrombosis. Continued follow-up is advised.
IMPRESSION:

1. No significant interval change in the size or configuration of the residual skull base chordoma as described above. Post-therapeutic sequelae as above. 2. Unchanged size or configuration of nonenhancing white matter signal abnormality at the left temporal occipital lobe junction. This could represent an area of venous infarction due to adjacent cortical vein thrombosis. Continued attention on follow-up recommended. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation and agree with the findings in this report.