Diseases: ['lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

There is extensive vasogenic edema with superimposed areas of cortical T2 signal abnormality within the right frontal lobe which extends to involve the coronal radiata basal ganglia and corpus callosum. There is right to left midline shift of 11 mm with compression of the right lateral ventricle and obstructive dilatation of the left lateral ventricle. No definite associated mass lesion is identified however on post gadolinium images there are serpiginous areas of enhancement which appear to be predominantly dural based particularly on the coronal postcontrast images. These findings are of unclear etiology and may represent an infiltrating neoplastic process versus an infectious/inflammatory process. The basilar cisterns are patent. No extraaxial fluid collections visualized paranasal sinuses are clear. Orbits are grossly normal. Evaluation of the MRA of the circle of Willis demonstrates splaying of the right MCA and ACA branches due to the mass effect exerted by the right frontal lobe process. Otherwise the intracranial portions of both internal carotid arteries and major branches are unremarkable. there is no evidence of neovascularity or hypervascularity to suggest the presence of a vascular malformation. Basilar artery and major branches are unremarkable. Intracranial portions of both vertebral arteries are unremarkable. Evaluation of the MRV demonstrates no thrombosis within the deep or superficial venous systems or venous sinuses. No dilated venous structures are seen in the right frontal region to suggest the presence of a vascular malformation.
IMPRESSION:

1. Serpiginous predominantly dural based enhancement causing significant mass effect in the right frontal lobe of uncertain etiology. Differential includes an infiltrating neoplastic process versus infectious/inflammatory process.2. No significant abnormality seen within the intracranial arterial or venous structures. Final attending comment:To clarify the above-mentioned finding there is a large focus of abnormal signal in the right frontal and temporal lobes with predominantly peripheral enhancement. There is questionable enhancement of the septum pellucidum. There is also associated dural /leptomeningeal enhancement. Parts of this lesion are hypercellular as suggested on the diffusion weighted images. Differential diagnostic considerations include glial neoplasm or lymphoma versus inflammatory/granulomatous process like sarcoid.