Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Brain: Again seen are susceptibility effects from previous surgery which degrade evaluation. There is T2 hyperintense soft tissue within the left frontal scalp extending to the left upper eyelid which contains multiple flow voids and enhances avidly following administration of intravenous gadolinium compatible with known residual hemangioma. This has slightly increased in thickness in the interval since the previous study now measuring up to 1.5 cm (previously 1.2 cm). Although this study is not tailored toward the evaluation of the orbits there appears to be retrobulbar enhancing soft tissue both medial and lateral to the medial rectus muscle. Component in the extraconal space associated with medial bowing of the lamina papyracea. Findings suspicious for retrobulbar extension of hemangioma however this is unchanged in the interval since the prior study. Redemonstrated is a prominent developmental venous anomaly involving the left frontal and temporal lobes. Small DVA also seen in the left parietal lobe. There is now a small focus of encephalomalacia associated gliosis within the left corona radiata adjacent to the developmental venous anomaly probably the sequela of thrombosis. Additional stable nonspecific nonenhancing foci of T2 prolongation within the periventricular and subcortical white matter unchanged since the prior study. There is no acute infarct intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial collection mass effect or mass lesion. No pathologic enhancement of the brain parenchyma or its coverings with exception of vascular enhancement involving the left frontal developmental venous anomaly. Mucous retention cyst again seen within the right maxillary sinus and left anterior ethmoid air cells as well as mucosal thickening within the left anterior ethmoid air cells essentially unchanged. MRA: Evaluation of intracranial arterial circulation demonstrates patency of the intracranial internal carotid arteries intradural vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches A1 and M1 segments. No evidence of hemodynamically significant stenosis or aneurysm. MRI is not sensitive for aneurysms less than 5 mm. MRV: Patency of the dural venous sinuses including superior sagittal straight transverse and sigmoid. Incidental note of hypoplastic left transverse sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Slight interval increase in size of left facial hemangioma. Postoperative changes as before. Details above. 2. The study is not tailored to evaluate the orbits there appears to be left retrobulbar enhancing soft tissue both extraconal and intraconal about the medial rectus muscle suspicious for retrobulbar extension of hemangioma unchanged. 3. Prominent left hemispheric developmental venous anomaly with new focus of encephalomalacia in the left corona radiata which may reflect sequela of DVA thrombosis/venous infarct or ischemic infarct. Additional stable nonspecific foci of T2 prolongation. 4. Stable sinus inflammatory changes. 5. Unremarkable intracranial MRA. 6. Patency of the dural venous sinuses.