Diseases: ['lipoma', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

MRI Brain: 4-5 mm well circumscribed lesion in the suprasellar cistern with intrinsic T1 hyperintensity inseparable from the infundibulum (series 3 image 13). There is a discrete fat plane between the lesion and the pituitary gland. Post contrast enhancement is difficult to assess given the intrinsic T1 shortening. No adjacent mass effect. No connection to the adjacent vessels identified. Incidental note made of a small pars intermedia cyst visualized only on the coronal image. Minimal nonspecific periventricular deep and subcortical white matter T2/flair hyperintensities. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is no pathologic enhancement. Mucosal disease noted in the right ethmoid air cells and left sphenoid sinus. MRA Head: There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. MRV Head: Superior sagittal sinus straight sinus transverse and sigmoid sinuses as well as the upper internal jugular veins are patent without evidence of thrombosis. Right transverse sinus is dominant.
IMPRESSION:

1. 4-5 mm well circumscribed T1 hyperintense lesion centered in the infundibulum and discrete from the pituitary gland. This is likely an incidental finding which is incompletely characterized on this MRI brain examination. Differential considerations include ectopic neurohypophysis dermoid/epidermoid lipoma small calcified meningioma or less likely given the location a proteinaceous or hemorrhagic Rathke Cleft Cyst. A metastases would be unlikely but possible in the setting of known metastatic diease clinically correlate with medical history. Dedicated pituitary protocol with fat suppressed sequences recommended for further characterization. 2. Patency of the intracranial arterial and venous circulation as above. 3. No acute intracranial abnormalities. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.