Diseases: ['amyloid']
FINDINGS:

Some of the imaging series are degraded by motion with patient having some difficulty cooperating with entire exam FLAIR and pre-and post-contrast T1-weighted images and MRA have some limitation in this regard but are still considered to diagnostic information. Best seen on FLAIR images there is increased intensity in left parietal sulcus corresponding to abnormality seen on recent CT confirming the suspicion of subarachnoid space abnormality. On gradient echo images there is subtle decreased intensity corresponding to be FLAIR abnormality suggesting minimal susceptibility and confirming suspicion of probable blood in this location (series 8 images 20-23 in this series 12 images 16 and 17). However there are no other abnormal foci of decreased intensity on susceptibility weighted images. There are nonspecific white matter hyperintensities on long-TR images mostly periventricular and deep but mild in extent in the nonspecific in pattern. Abnormal signal intensity right ocular globe is consistent with known the prior traumatic injury. Diffusion-weighted images show no acute ischemia. No abnormal enhancement. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. MR angiography is minimally motion degraded but is sufficient to show patent proximal intracranial arterial branches and distal branches no vascular malformation detected within limits of technique and motion. No convincing aneurysm detected within limits of technique and motion degradation. Variant anatomy with duplication left MCA or early bifurcation noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Subarachnoid space signal abnormality most consistent with very small amount of blood in left parietal sulcus concordant with recent CT. There are nonspecific white matter hyperintensities which are mild in extent but no abnormal enhancement and no convincing explanation for subarachnoid space blood. Differential diagnosis is broad and includes vasculopathy/vasculitis subtle small occult vascular malformation amyloid angiopathy (though gradient echo images do not clearly show findings suggestive of this) and others. Trauma was considered but there is no history of this small cortical vein thrombosis was considered but there's no imaging evidence for this either. 2. MR angiography shows no convincing vascular malformation or stenotic occlusive disease no aneurysm detected within limits of technique. Angiographic sequences are minimally degraded by motion and subtle pathology can be missed.