Diseases: ['thrombosis', 'amyloid']
FINDINGS:

There is increased T2 signal intensity within the periventricular white matter bilaterally nonspecific but usually the sequela small vessel ischemic change. The ventricles are age-appropriate in size and symmetric. The basal cisterns are patent. Within the right transverse and sigmoid sinuses as well as the proximal right internal jugular vein there is high T1 and high FLAIR signal intensity concerning for thrombosis. There is no restricted diffusion to suggest acute ischemia but there are multiple foci of abnormal susceptibility bilaterally but more so on the right most prominent in the right temporal and occipital lobes. The abnormal susceptibility are most compatible with blood products possibly petecchial hemorrhages associated with venous occlusion although more chronic microbleeds or amyloid angiopathy not excluded. Sulci are fairly symmetric and cortex is without significant abnormality in proximity but cannot exclude subtle increased FLAIR signal in the right occipital and temporoparietal cortex interpretation complicated by patient motion as she had difficulty tolerating exam. No definite abnormal parenchymal enhancement but motion limits detailed evaluation for subtle lesions. Trace fluid is present in the left mastoid air cells. The paranasal sinuses are otherwise clear. The intracranial arterial flow voids at the skull base are maintained.
IMPRESSION:

1. Probable thrombosis of the sigmoid sinuses and proximal internal jugular vein with slow flow or thrombus in the right transverse sinus. Asymmetric parenchymal susceptibility artifact and possible subtle cortical signal abnormality without restricted diffusion on the right may reflect early venous ischemia but confidence is limited by substantial patient motion no convincing cortical abnormality or recent hemorrhage on recent CT head 12/31/2009 although right transverse/sigmoid sinus appeared a little dense. At least some of the foci of susceptibility artifact may represent chronic microbleeds and/or amyloid angiopathy. Consider CT venogram for further evaluation (given the motion on the current study an MRV may be limited) any outside studies would be helpful for comparison. 2. No definite abnormal parenchymal enhancement to suggest metastatic disease noting that the study is limited by patient motion. Findings communicated with and acknowledged by Dr. Jennifer Myers at 11:20 AM on January 4 2010.