Diseases: ['abscess', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

The patient is status post partial right temporal bone resection.In the interval between imaging there has been further extent andinvasion of enhancing tumor mass which now involves and erodesthe right petrous apex and occipital bone. The tumor massencroaches on the right hypoglossal canal and invades the rightinternal auditory canal. The muscles of mastication on the rightand the tongue appear mildly atrophic. The right mandibularcondyle is now gone which is likely postsurgical. Correlate withrecent operative history.There is thick enhancement of the dura over the right temporallobe in the middle cranial fossa. There is also scatteredleptomeningeal enhancement in the inferior aspect of the righttemporal lobe. On the coronal views the right occipital bone hasbeen clearly eroded and tumor appears to abut the rightcerebellar hemisphere though no signal abnormalities aredemonstrated.The greatest concern there is an irregular rim enhancing lesionin the anterior inferior right temporal lobe with associatedvasogenic edema which extends throughout the temporal lobe andsuperiorly into the right basal ganglia and periventricular whitematter. The central necrotic portion demonstrates diffusionrestriction which is suspicious for abscess. This does notclearly communicate with the enhancing temporal bone mass (bestassessed on post contrast coronal images). There is local masseffect with sulcal effacement in mild ipsilateral uncalherniation.On the MR venogram as well as the conventional sequences it isclear that the right transverse and sigmoid sinuses arethrombosed. The remainder of the dural venous sinuses are patent.The MR angiogram reveals no increased arterial vascularity withinthe tumor mass. However the right internal carotid artery isencased irregular and mildly attenuated at it's distal verticalsegments and genu within the eroded right temporal bone. Theremainder of the circle of Willis MRA is unremarkable. Thebilateral posterior communicating arteries are hypoplastic. Thereis a patent anterior communicating artery demonstrated.Prior surgical changes in the right maxillary sinus are againnoted. The mucus retention cyst in the right frontal sinus andfrontal ethmoidal recess is unchanged. Mild mucosal thickening ispresent in the left frontal and bilateral ethmoid sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. New irregular and rim enhancing lesion with central necrosis vasogenic edema and diffusion restriction within the anteriorinferior right temporal lobe. No definable communication with theright temporal bone mass. The imaging findings (particularlydiffusion restriction) are worrisome for abscess. Less likely invasive tumor and radiation necrosis should be considered.Further evaluation by MR perfusion and/or MR spectroscopy may beconsidered if clinically indicated.2. Further extent of enhancing right temporal bone mass witherosion of the right petrous apex and right occipital bone.Abutment of the right cerebellar hemisphere without cerebellarsignal abnormalities or enhancement. Encroachment on the righthypoglossal canal. Involvement of the right internal auditorycanal. Dural and leptomeningeal enhancement in the middle cranialfossa.3. Thrombosis of the right transverse and sigmoid sinuses.4. Tumor encasement of the distal vertical segments and genu ofthe right internal petrous carotid artery with mild irregularityand attenuation. No visibly increased vascularity within theenhancing tumor.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation