Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

Head: There is a 1.5 x 1.7 x 1.0 cm intra-axial mass in the right occipital lobe that demonstrates inherent T1 shortening and T2 prolongation with no definite enhancement and mild associated surrounding vasogenic edema. There is a thin rim of low signal intensity on T2 and gradient echo imaging possibly indicating a hemosiderin. There is also restricted diffusion within the lesion. There is a region of susceptibility slightly inferior and anterior to this lesion which likely represents prior subarachnoid hemorrhage and probably indicates recurrent bleeding within the lesion. Differential diagnosis includes underlying vascular malformation such as AVM or AVF and vasculitis. The appearance is not typical for a cavernoma. Underlying neoplasm cannot be excluded. The appearance is not consistent with hemorrhagic transformation of infact. CTA or conventional angiogram could be performed if clinically indicated. MRA head: There is no hemodynamically significant stenosis or aneurysmal dilatation seen in the bilateral cavernous internal carotid arteries supraclinoid internal carotid arteries proximal middle cerebral arteries proximal anterior cerebral arteries proximal posterior cerebral arteries basilar artery or distal vertebral arteries. There is no evidence of MRA abnormality underlying the right occipital lesion. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. MRA neck: There is normal arch anatomy. There is no significant stenosis or aneurysmal dilatation seen in the bilateral common carotid arteries cervical internal carotid arteries and proximal external carotid arteries bilaterally. The cervical vertebral arteries are patent bilaterally without evidence of significant stenosis.
IMPRESSION:

1. Hemorrhagic right occipital lesion with probable recurrent bleeding. Differential diagnosis includes underlying vascular lesion such as AVM or AVF and vasculitis or angiitis. Cavernoma is felt to be less likely. Underlying neoplasm cannot be excluded. The pattern is not consistent with hemorrhagic transformation of infarct venous thrombosis or hypertensive hemorrhage. CTA or conventional angiogram could be performed if clinically indicated. Alternatively follow-up imaging is recommended. 2. No hemodynamically significant stenoses or aneurysmal dilatations in the intracranial arterial vasculature. 3. No significant stenoses in the bilateral carotid arteries of the neck or cervical vertebral arteries.