Diseases: ['meningioma', 'hydrocephalus', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Postsurgical changes from right parietal craniotomy with marked interval increase in size in enhancing component of a para-falcine meningioma which extends essentially from the vertex of the skull to the torcula involving primarily the falx cerebri and also the tentorium cerebelli to a lesser extent measuring up to 6.9 x 5.5 cm in axial dimension and 8.6 cm in cranial caudal dimension. Largely unchanged from prior CT performed yesterday. This mass extends along both aspects of the falx cerebri left greater than right with two discretely different enhancing components the left appearing more homogeneously enhancing on the right. There is nonspecific nodular pachymeningeal enhancement adjacent to the craniotomy site. There is interval increase in mass effect on bilateral thalami corpus callosum and bilateral bodies of the lateral ventricles with bilateral periatrial and temporal horn ventriculomegaly and transependymal flow concerning for hydrocephalus. There is associated transtentorial herniation secondary to mass effect. There is adjacent T2/FLAIR prolongation within the left greater than right medial frontal and parietal subcortical white matter which is nonspecific and may represent vasogenic edema/ posttreatment changes. There is also mass-effect over the cerebellum with inferior descent of cerebellar tonsils approximately 10 mm below the foramen magnum. Pre-pontine premedullary and suprasellar cisterns are effaced. This mass shows restricted diffusion which may indicate some atypical features. There is no territorial restricted diffusion. Imaged vascular flow voids are unremarkable. Partial empty sella. Bilateral maxillary mucus retention cysts versus less likely polyps. Ethmoidal mucosal changes. Bilateral temporomandibular osteoarthritis. Nonspecific patchy heterogeneous marrow signal of the upper cervical spine which is nonspecific. Scattered scalp fiducials are noted. There is no flow within the mid aspect of the superior sagittal sinus to approximately 2 cm from the torcula consistent with occlusion. While there is flow within the straight sinus extending to the torcula and transverse sinuses the mass is intimately associated with the vein of Galen/ straight sinuses and abuts the transverse sinuses.
IMPRESSION:

1. Recurrence of the falx cerebri/falx cerebelli meningioma with bilateral occipital/temporal horn hydrocephalus and secondary transtentorial and downward tonsillar herniation secondary to mass effect. 2. Long segment occlusion of the superior sagittal sinus extending to approximately 2 cm superior to the torcula. The meningioma is intimately associated with the deep venous system and abuts the transverse sinuses with mass effect/ without frank evidence of occlusion. Dr. Koch was notified of the above by Dr. Cloran at 1530 hours on 12 October 2011 I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.