Diseases: ['meningitis', 'lymphoma']
FINDINGS:

There is interval development of foci of T2 hyperintensity in the bilateral centrum semiovale corona radiata periventricular white matter and corpus callosum splenium. There is associated mass-effect and restricted diffusion. No associated hemorrhage. Findings are suspicious for hypercellular tumor such as lymphoma. There is diffuse FLAIR signal in the subarachnoid space in the bilateral convexities which may be artifactual such as due to supplementary oxygen. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and position. No extraaxial collection. The intracranial flow voids are normal. The previously described increasing FLAIR signal in the left lateral medulla is not appreciated on current FLAIR images due to motion artifacts. However this may be present on the T2 images (image 7/series 3). Findings are of uncertain etiology and may be sequela to prior insult. The calvarium is normal. Bilateral lens replacement changes. There is interval development of mucosal thickening and fluid levels throughout the paranasal sinuses fluid in the mastoids nasal cavity and nasopharynx which may be in part related to intubation. MRV demonstrates patent dural venous sinuses and internal cerebral veins.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple areas of expansile signal abnormality with restricted diffusion involving deep white matter structures including the corpus callosum as well as periventricular white matter and to lesser degree subcortical white matter. Leading differential consideration would include multiple areas of infarct; however these do not conform to a specific vascular distribution and given callosal involvement embolic source is thought to be unlikely. Ischemic considerations would include possibly hypoperfusion related ischemic changes (in the setting of patient's known multiple internal carotid left vertebral and basilar arterial stenoses and sepsis) or vasculopathy/vasculitis (to include vasospasm in the setting of meningitis and subarachnoid blood see below for discussion of subarachnoid signal). Toxic/metabolic conditions are also considerations to include hypoglycemia in this patient with known diabetes. Atypical infectious etiologies or acute demyelinating conditions are additional considerations but felt to be less likely. Lymphoma is also felt to be less likely in this clinical setting. 2. Generalized FLAIR hyperintensity within the sulci nonspecific and may be related to high FiO2 therapy. Proteinaceous or less likely hemorrhagic material within the subarachnoid spaces is an additional consideration in not excluded; however no frank susceptibility is identified to directly suggest blood products. Consider correlation with head CT 3. Overall patent appearance of the dural venous sinuses. Decreased flow through proximally imaged extracranial internal jugular veins left more so than right. Flow related stenosis/thrombosis of the jugular veins not excluded extracranially. 4. Progressive opacification of the paranasal sinuses as detailed. Correlate clinically. 5. The bone marrow signal of the upper cervical spine and mandibular condyles diffusely decreased on T1 weighted images. This is a nonspecific finding and can be seen in association with anemia other myeloproliferative disorders infiltrative processes and chronic hypoxic state including smoking. Clinical correlation is recommended.