Diseases: ['meningioma', 'thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

Multiple enhancing calvarial masses are redemonstrated. The proximal left frontal calvarial transcortical mass with pachymeningeal enhancement has slightly decreased in size currently measuring 1.8 cm in maximal dimension when compared to prior exam with associated decreased intracranial parenchymal mass effect. There is interval increasing size of a right anterior parietal transcortical enhancing lesion with associated pachymeningeal enhancement which currently measures up to 1.7 cm in maximal dimension with mild mass effect without appreciable parenchymal edema. Stable to slight interval increase in prominence of a left anterior parietal enhancing lesion measuring up to 1.3 cm without clear pachymeningeal or parenchymal involvement. New left posterior parietal lesion without clear pachymeningeal or parenchymal involvement measuring up to 7 mm. Interval increasing size of a left petrous apex lesion measuring 1.3 x 1.2 cm. The remaining calvarial lesions are similar in appearance to prior exam. Interval increase in size of a pachymeningeal enhancing T2 hypointense lesion which is predominately left parasagittal and possibly involves the superior sagittal sinus measuring up to 1.7 x 0.9 cm in axial plane; this also appears to have increased in size in the anterior-posterior dimension as well with elevation of the superior sagittal sinus. Left mastoid enhancement with cortical lysis is similar in appearance to prior exam. There is nonspecific T1/T2 heterogeneously iso-hypointense products within the temporal and mastoid air cells bilaterally which may reflect proteinaceous and/or hemorrhagic products similar in appearance to prior exam. There is nonspecific enhancement of bilateral temporal bones of uncertain significance. It is somewhat edematous appearance of the external auditory canals bilaterally and questionable fluid within the left middle ear for which correlation with otoscopic exam is recommended. There is no parenchymal restricted diffusion. No extra-axial fluid collections. Few scattered FLAIR punctate hyperintensities within the imaged intracranial white matter which are nonspecific. There is no suspicious parenchymal enhancement. Imaged arterial vascular flow voids are within normal limits. No ventriculomegaly. Partial empty sella. Maxillary and ethmoidal mucosal changes. Orbits are unremarkable. Known left superficial parotid mass measuring up to 1.3 x 0.8 cm is incompletely imaged on the current exam and similar in appearance to prior MR. There is enhancement of the tentorium on the left unchanged.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple areas of abnormal calvarial enhancement as detailed consistent with known history of Langerhans cell histiocytosis. Interval decrease in size of left frontal enhancing mass; however there are other new and enlarging enhancing masses. 2. Interval increasing size of any enhancing T2 hypointense mass adjacent to superior sagittal sinus. Given its interval increasing size from prior exam differential considerations would include an enlarging meningioma however superimposed propagated nonocclusive thrombosis could have a similar appearance. 3. Nonspecific enhancement of bilateral temporal bones with hemorrhagic/proteinaceous products within the mastoid air cells as detailed. Correlate with otoscopic and physical exam. 4. Left superficial parotid lobe mass as detailed. Correlation with ultrasound is recommended. Consider fine needle aspiration as clinically warranted. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.