Diseases: ['thrombosis', 'thrombosis', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

A single nonspecific focus of T2 prolongation is noted in the subcortical left frontal white matter on image 25 of series 5. There is no intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. There is no pathologic enhancement. There is mineralization of the bilateral globi pallidi as demonstrated by bilateral susceptibility. The left maxillary sinus is partially obscured by the susceptibility artifact from dental hardware. There is moderate circumferential mucosal thickening in the left and mild in the inferior right maxillary sinuses. There is a defect in the anterior nasal septum and changes related to prior left inferior turbinectomy. The right A1 segment of the anterior cerebral artery is absent an anatomic variant. A left posterior communicating artery is present The left vertebral artery is dominant. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the bilateral M1 and the left A1 segments. There are no regions of focal stenosis evidence of arteriovenous fistula or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. The MR venogram demonstrates patency of the superior sagittal straight right transverse and sigmoid sinuses as well as right internal jugular vein. The left transverse and sigmoid sinuses are hypoplastic and demonstrate flow. However phase contrast images demonstrate only questionable flow in the superior aspect of the left internal jugular vein only on the coronal images (images 28 through 30 of series 12) which appears severely hypoplastic on the flair images. This is likely related to congenital hypoplasia and slow flow.
IMPRESSION:

1. Patency of the intracranial venous structures without evidence of thrombosis. Hypoplastic left transverse and sigmoid sinuses as well as superior aspect of the left internal jugular vein with minimal flow visualized only on the coronal phase contrast images only in the superior aspect of the left internal jugular vein most likely related to slow flow in the hypoplastic vessel. Presence of thrombosis cannot be completely excluded. If clinically warranted this could be evaluated with Doppler ultrasound. Correlation with prior imaging and patient's symptoms are recommended. 2. Patency of the intracranial arterial circulation without evidence of aneurysm or arterio venous fistula as above. 3. No acute intracranial abnormality. A single nonspecific focus of T2 prolongation without evidence of enhancement or restricted diffusion in the left frontal subcortical white matter. 4. Paranasal sinus disease as above.