Diseases: ['thrombosis']
FINDINGS:

Right hyperacute infarct involving right parieto-occipital region. Large acute infarction of the left parietal and occipital lobes extending to the posterior aspect of the left temporal lobe. Smaller infarcts involving the left frontal lobe as well as scattered punctate foci of ischemia within the left centrum semiovale left insular region and left anterior temporal lobe. There are bilateral acute infarcts of the cerebellar hemispheres. No suspicious foci susceptibility to suggest hemorrhagic transformation. Regional sulcal effacement and mild effacement of the posterior horn of the left lateral ventricle. No significant midline shift. Evaluation perfusion weighted imaging demonstrates corresponding regions of decreased cerebral blood flow and volume corresponding to areas of ischemia without prolongation of mean transit time. There are no suspicious extra-axial fluid collections. No ventriculomegaly. There is associated cytotoxic edema corresponding to the regions of infarction as above. There is minimal crowding at the level the foramen magnum which overall is unchanged from recent prior CT head however the cisterns appear grossly patent on diffusion weighted imaging. Time-of-flight imaging demonstrates patent appearing anterior circulation to the level of the A2 branches. A right posterior communicating artery is not seen. No aneurysms or focal regions of stenosis are identified within the proximal anterior circulation. Vertebrobasilar circulation is roughly codominant. Neither anterior inferior cerebellar artery is confidently seen. There is no evidence of proximal occlusion of the imaged vertebral basilar system; however there is slight decreased prominence of vascular flow signals within the distal left posterior cerebral artery distribution. No aneurysms are identified.
IMPRESSION:

1. Hyperacute infarct within the right parietal occipital region with other acute infarcts most prominently within the left parietal/occipital/temporal region with other scattered infarcts supratentorially. Acute bilateral cerebellar infarcts without evidence of cisternal effacement. Mild regional mass effect without signficant midline shift. No convincing evidence of perfusion/diffusion mismatch. 2. Patent appearing proximal arterial circulation with decreased flow within the distal aspect of left posterior cerebral artery. This is favored to most likely represent changes secondary to edema however diminished flow in this region secondary to thrombosis or vasospasm not excluded. Dr. Pawar was notified of the above by Dr. Cloran at 1300 hours on 4 October 2011 I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.