Diseases: ['normal', 'normal']
FINDINGS:

The marrow of the calvarium clivus and cervical vertebra areagain mottled in appearance on T1 sequences with extensive patchyareas of hypointensity. Findings are worrisome for metastaticdisease and correlation with technetium 99 bone scanning isrecommended.The ventricles and sulci are enlarged consistent with age-relatedcerebral volume loss. No intracranial hemorrhage or midline shiftis demonstrated. There are stable regions of periventricular/deepwhite matter and scattered subcortical T2 prolongation withoutmass effect or enhancement. No pathologic enhancement or diffusionrestriction is demonstrated. Again seen is a small developmentalvenous anomaly in the left frontal lobe a normal anatomic variantwith no clinical significance.The intracranial portions of both internal carotid arteries andmajor branches are unremarkable. The basilar artery and majorbranches are unremarkable.The intracranial portions of both vertebral arteries areunremarkable. Specifically no aneurysms or clinicallysignificant stenoses were demonstrated.The origins of the great vessels are normal aside from bovinearch configuration with the left common carotid artery arisingfrom the innominate. The common carotid arteries carotidbifurcations and internal carotid arteries are patent withoutfocal stenosis. The vertebral arteries are codominant and patent.Again demonstrated is a filling defect consistent with thrombuswithin the right internal jugular vein extending inferiorlytoward the confluence with the right subclavian vein. Again notedis an indwelling right subclavian catheter whose tip is notvisualized. When compared to the prior study the size of theclot has decreased (4 mm diameter formerly 8mm) and now onlyextends superiorly to the level of C6 (formerly C4). The roundedfilling defect just postero-medial to the catheter at theconfluence of the right IJ and right SVC is unchanged and likelyreflects clot. The superior vena cava is patent.Multiple lung nodules are again noted consistent with pulmonarymetastases.
IMPRESSION:

1. No MR evidence of intracranial metastatic disease.2. Stable white matter T2 hyperintensities likely reflecting thesequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease.3. Normal MR angiogram of the brain.4. Normal MR angiogram of the cervical vessels aside from bovinearch configuration.5. Persistent right internal jugular nonocclusive thrombus decreased in size and extent when compared to the prior study.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStation