Diseases: ['schwannoma', 'normal', 'normal', 'aneurysm', 'schwannoma', 'lymphoma', 'aneurysm', 'aneurysm', 'normal', 'normal', 'migraine']
FINDINGS:

Small focus of decreased signal is noted on ADC mapping in the left ventrolateral thalamus adjacent to posterior limb internal capsule image 16 series 600 without definite diffusion-weighted imaging correlate and felt to be artifactual. No territorial regions of restricted diffusion detected. No extra-axial fluid collections. No suspicious foci of susceptibility to suggest intraparenchymal hemorrhage. Few T2/FLAIR hyperintense foci within the subcortical white matter of the frontal lobes bilaterally which are nonspecific. No focal regions of mass effect. There is questionable 5mm focus of enhancement within the right internal auditory canal suggested on image 8 series 10 however not definitively confirmed on coronal imaging. Otherwise no suspicious parenchymal or meningeal enhancement. Posterolateral right frontal developmental venous anomaly suggested on image 11 series 23. There is no ventriculomegaly. The intracranial vascular flow voids are within normal limits. Imaged cavernous sinuses and sella contents are within normal limits however exam is not optimally tailored to address this. Frontal ethmoidal sphenoidal and maxillary mucosal changes with bilateral maxillary mucous retention cysts. Minimally prominent 6 mm long axis enhancing lesion likely lymph node is noted adjacent to the right carotid and may represent a small retropharyngeal lymph node which is nonspecific. Nasopharyngeal adenoidal tissue is minimally prominent however within normal limits for patient's age. Minimal prominent cervical lymph nodes are incidentally noted however incompletely assessed. The imaged orbits and marrow signal within the imaged volume are within normal limits. Imaging of the circle demonstrates patent appearing anterior circulation without evidence of flow limiting stenosis or aneurysm. Vertebrobasilar system is roughly codominant without evidence of aneurysm or flow-limiting stenosis. Neither posterior communicating artery nor the right anterior inferior cerebellar artery are confidently seen. There is mild ectatic appearance of the right P1 segment which may be technique related. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. Time-of-flight MRV demonstrates right dominant dural venous drainage pattern without evidence of caliber narrowing to suggest occlusion. There is no evidence of superior ophthalmic vein enlargement.
IMPRESSION:

1. A 5mm focus of enhancement suggested within the right internal auditory canal on axial imaging not definitely confirmed on coronal imaging. These findings are concerning for a possible small mass within the right internal auditory canal such as a schwannoma versus possible perineural enhancement of the seventh or eighth cranial nerves. Recommend further assessment with dedicated MRI IAC. Otherwise no acute intracranial abnormality is detected. Cavernous sinuses and orbital contents are within normal limits given exam technique; if there is ongoing concern for cranial nerve III pathology this may be readdressed with attention to the orbits at the time of MRI IAC. These findings were discussed with Dr. Cheatleby Dr. Cloran at 2100 hours on 26 October 2011 and with Dr. Palacek at 0130 hours on 27 October 2011. 2. No stenosis occlusion or aneurysm of the intracranial arteries. 3. Unremarkable appearance of the intracranial venous vasculature. 4. Mild prominence of the nasopharyngeal adenoidal tissue with suggestion of a minimally prominent 6-mm retropharyngeal lymph node. While this may be physiologic consider further evaluation with direct visualization of the nasopharynx. **ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: ATTENTION: There are significant changes to the preliminary report as follows: There is a 4 mm enhancing nodule in the region of the right prepontine cistern just adjacent to the midbrain-pontine junction. This lesion is in the vicinity of the flow void of the right posterior cerebral artery. As mentioned there is irregularity of the P1 segment on the right with normal appearance of the left P1 segment. On MRA there is suggestion of mild aneurysmal dilation of this P1 segment versus infundibula. Further evaluation is recommended with CTA to evaluate for aneurysm. The enhancing nodule could represent a schwannoma inflammatory and granulomatous disease lymphoma or retention of contrast in an aneurysm with slow internal flow. Should the CTA not demonstrate an aneurysm further evaluation with MRI of the orbits could be considered which will also evaluate the region of the cavernous sinuses better than the current study but will not necessarily yield further information in the short term. Lumbar puncture could also be useful for evaluation of leptomeningeal process. No other definite extraaxial or parenchymal abnormal enhancement. Calvarial bone marrow appears normal. Questionable enhancement mentioned in the right internal auditory canal is probably artifactual however if there are symptoms referable to this area further evaluation could be performed; for instance if an MRI of the orbit is performed this region could be covered on request. Orbits appear grossly normal on this study with symmetry of the extraocular muscles. As mentioned there is no enlargement of the superior ophthalmic veins to suggest abnormality in the cavernous sinuses. Few subcortical foci of nonenhancing FLAIR hyperintensity are nonspecific as mentioned and of uncertain clinical significance; these can be seen in the setting of migraine headache however the differential is broad. Focus discussed above on ADC is artifactual. No restricted diffusion in the brain.