Diseases: ['toxoplasmosis', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

The study is motion degraded. Again noted is a solidly enhancing mass within the right frontal lobe with surrounding T2 prolongation. There is very mild local mass effect and a slight amount of restricted diffusion along the peripheral aspect of the mass. There are at least two additional small enhancing lesions within the right parietal and temporal lobes at the peripheral gray-white matter junction with associated hyperintense T2 signal. These were better seen on MRI comparison due to motion artifact on current study. A small focus of linear enhancement in the right frontal lobe may be vascular in nature. Again noted is a small extra-axial enhancing mass along the high right frontal convexity most consistent with a meningioma. Additional foci of T2 prolongation within the subcortical and periventricular white matter are likely related to small vessel ischemic white matter changes. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extra-axial fluid collection or midline shift. The pituitary gland is prominent. MR perfusion demonstrates mild increased relative cerebral blood volume within the right frontal lobe lesion (images 11-12 series 14) ranging from 2-3:1 ratio compared to the contralateral white matter. MR spectroscopy demonstrates elevated choline and decreased NAA levels within the right frontal lobe mass as well as in the immediate surrounding areas of T2 prolongation. On the axial T2-weighted reformatted images there is a 5 mm focus of low signal at the anterior communicating artery region which is not definitely confirmed on additional images. Although this may be artifactual it is difficult to exclude an aneurysm in this location. The visualized paranasal sinuses are clear with exception of trace mucosal changes in the right sphenoid sinus.
IMPRESSION:

1. Enhancing right frontal lobe mass with at least two other small enhancing right parietal and temporal lobe lesions. The advanced imaging interrogation of the right frontal lobe lesion is consistent with neoplasm although not specific for metastatic disease versus primary tumor. Multiple lesions favor metastatic disease. Other etiologies such as atypical infection (e.g. toxoplasmosis fungal) are less likely given advanced imaging findings. 2. 5 mm focus of low signal at the anterior communicating artery. Although this may be artifactual I cannot exclude an aneurysm in this location. Brain MR angiography is recommended.