Diseases: ['toxoplasmosis']
FINDINGS:

Multiple foci of hemorrhage are present in various stages of evolution in the subcortical white matter deep gray matter and cerebellum as follows: largest lesion is in the left midbrain and cerebral peduncle with surrounding cytotoxic edema is likely less than 3 days of age right cerebellar focus of hemorrhage is probably also less than 3 days of age; left and right posterior superior temporal lobe subcortical white matter foci left cerebellum and left thalamus likely 1 to 3 weeks of age with surrounding cytotoxic edema on the left; focus of hemorrhage left occipital pole probably between 3 and 7 days old. There are additional foci of susceptibility which are difficult to verify on long-acting tear images of recent left precentral gyrus consistent with additional hemorrhagic foci but of uncertain age. A few hyperintensities in the white matter along a thin tear images are not associated with susceptibility and are nonspecific but possibly chronic ischemic changes. The basilar cisterns are patent. MRA of the circle of Willis shows no evidence of intracranial stenosis occlusion or aneurysm. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size configuration. Signal intensity of the bone marrow on T1-weighted images is diffusely decreased for age consistent with history of myeloproliferative disorder. There are inflammatory changes of the left maxillary sinus and anterior ethmoid air cells.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple foci of hemorrhage in various stages of evolution in the subcortical white matter deep gray matter and cerebellum the most significant being in the left midbrain/cerebral peduncle with moderate surrounding cytotoxic edema is likely less than 3 days of age. Recommend follow-up CT in a few days but consider MRI in 1-2 weeks to evaluate progression of edema or as clinically indicated. Findings are suggestive of multiple spontaneous hemorrhages in the setting of thrombocytopenia endocarditis and/or embolic events might cause this appearance but no convincing cytotoxic edema to suggest acute or subacute ischemia. If immune compromised consider also infectious etiologies such as toxoplasmosis or aspergillus. 2. No evidence of intracranial stenosis occlusion or aneurysm.