Diseases: ['hydrocephalus', 'meningitis', 'toxoplasmosis']
FINDINGS:

Ventricles are symmetric but lower ventricles are moderately dilated consistent with hydrocephalus. There is a rim of increased intensity on T2-weighted images suggesting mild transependymal CSF resorption. There are debris levels in the both occipital horns which are markedly bright on diffusion-weighted images and show decreased diffusion on ADC maps. There are multiple diffusion-bright ADC dark subcentimeter nodules in the right occipital lobe right temporal parietal subcortical white matter left occipital and temporal lobe and possibly medial right frontal lobe. These are subcortical and/or peripheral in location some appearing to extend to cortical margin such as right occipital and right medial frontal lesions. Additional small lesion is positioned next to the ependymal margin atrium left lateral ventricle (series 14 image 92). A larger 13mm lesion projects into third ventricle probably centered in the anterior aspect massa intermedia with surrounding increased intensity on FLAIR images to suggest surrounding edema. This also shows decreased diffusion though less striking. On source images for perfusion-weighted sequence (gradient echo EPI series) this largest lesion shows decreased intensity suggesting blood products (no mineral on CT). The other diffusion-bright foci do not show susceptibility artifact and the debris layering in the occipital horns likewise does not show marked susceptibility artifact. Not all of these are included in the perfusion field of view however. There is some diffusion-bright material in the prepontine cistern in the cerebellar pontine angles and in the frontal horns. There is diffusely increased intensity on FLAIR images in the sulci uncertain if diffuse increased protein content or whether there may be high inspired FiO2 contributing. Post-contrast images show a target appearance of contrast enhancement in the smaller lesions with thin peripheral rim of enhancement in the larger lesion massa intermedia. No convincing increased blood volume in lesions of interest interpretation complicated with larger lesion as there is susceptibility artifact at baseline. Multivoxel spectroscopy at level of largest lesion at midline and and single voxel at in the right parietotemporal lesion both show evidence of lactate peak but no marked elevation choline. Note is made that lesions are small which constitutes interpretation of spectra.
IMPRESSION:

1. Ring enhancing mass centered in anterior massa intermedia with surrounding edema moderate hydrocephalus results with minimal transependymal CSF resorption debris in ventricles shows decreased diffusion suggestive of blood or pus the latter is favored. Correlate for ventriculitis meningitis. 2. Multiple additional small subcentimeter nodules right parietotemporal right occipital left occipital and temporal and right medial frontal regions as described above all with central decreased diffusion. Blood products and/or cellularity could cause this appearance; however there are ring enhancing or target enhancing characteristics and findings are most suggestive of infection with small abscesses especially given other findings. In addition there is debris or blood in the basal cisterns and possible increased protein content and CSF is noted on FLAIR images. 3. Differential diagnosis includes primarily infectious processes including septic emboli and if immune compromised lesions from toxoplasmosis or other opportunistic organism may be present. Metastatic disease is less likely though not entirely excluded. Dr. Syre in neurosurgery notified 11/22/2009 at 1430 hours and acknowledged.