Diseases: ['meningitis', 'toxoplasmosis', 'cryptococcosis', 'meningitis']
FINDINGS:

There is abnormal leptomeningeal and perivascular enhancement throughout both cerebral hemispheres associated with increased sulcal flair hyperintensity consistent with the reported history of meningitis. In addition there are ring enhancing foci within the left anterior periventricular corona radiata and left centrum semiovale. There are scattered foci of restricted diffusion within the periventricular and subcortical white matter bilaterally most pronounced involving the left cerebral peduncle posterior limb of the internal capsule periventricular corona radiata and centrum semiovale; the latter of which corresponds to one of the previously described areas of restricted diffusion. As per electronic medical record patient was recently diagnosed with HIV (12/22/2010) with a CD4 79 and a viral load 4098. At that time blood cultures were positive for pneumococcal bacteremia however lumbar puncture was negative. In the context of the patient's medical history imaging findings most reflect meningitis with possible superimposed opportunistic infection (toxoplasmosis or cryptococcosis). Alternatively findings may reflect meningitis with mixed-aged ischemia possibly from septic emboli or vascular irritation though one would expect the diffusion abnormalities to be more cortical/subcortically based. Correlate clinically and possibly with repeat CSF sampling if deemed medically safe. Few scattered foci of susceptibility involving the bilateral cerebral hemispheres primarily cortical and subcortical in location are consistent with the sequela of prior microhemorrhage. Mild volume loss for age. There is no parenchymal hemorrhage midline shift or extra-axial fluid collection present. Expected flow voids of the major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. Diffuse T1 hypointensity to the visualized cervical spine is likely related to the patient's immunocompromised state. Clinically correlate. Air fluid levels within bilateral sphenoid sinuses. Moderate retention cysts within the right maxillary sinus. Scattered opacified mastoid air cells. Prominent nasopharyngeal soft tissues; correlate with direct visualization.
IMPRESSION:

1. Abnormal leptomeningeal and perivascular enhancement. Scattered left cerebral ring enhancing foci some of which demonstrate restricted diffusion. Additional bilateral periventricular and subcortical foci of restricted diffusion. In the context of the patient's medical history (see above) imaging findings most reflect meningitis with possible superimposed opportunistic infection (toxoplasmosis or cryptococcosis). Alternatively findings may reflect meningitis with mixed-aged ischemia possibly from septic emboli or vascular irritation though one would expect the diffusion abnormalities to be more cortical/subcortically based. Correlate clinically and possibly with repeat CSF sampling if deemed medically safe. See above for detailed description of findings. 2. Sinonasal inflammatory disease. 3. Prominent nasopharyngeal soft tissues; correlate with direct visualization.