Diseases: ['toxoplasmosis']
FINDINGS:

There are extensive confluent areas of periventricular subcortical and deep white matter T2 prolongation without significant mass effect. There is a 4 mm focus of enhancement with associated susceptibility artifact in the left cingulate gyrus (series 13 image 22). In addition there is a T2 hypointense 10 mm lesion in the posterior left parietal lobe with peripheral hemosiderin rim peripheral enhancement and mild surrounding white matter T2 hyperintensity. The larger lesion encircles a sulcus which demonstrates leptomeningeal enhancement. In addition there is a calvarial defect at the vertex right paramidline. Under this bony defect there is a small rim enhancing fluid collection with associated mild dural enhancement (series 12 image 14). Lesions similar to the above-described lesions were noted in the prior examinations and were thought to be compatible with toxoplasmosis at that time. These lesions may thus represent sequela of prior infection. There is no significant associated mass effect or edema to suggest an acute process. Focus of susceptibility artifact is also noted in the right centrum semi-ovale. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection midline shift or mass effect. No restricted diffusion. Punctate old infarcts are seen in both cerebellar hemispheres. Volume loss is greater than expected for patient's stated age. The calvarium is normal in marrow signal. The orbital contents are grossly unremarkable. The mastoid air cells and visualized paranasal sinuses are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Two areas of enhancement in the left cerebrum with associated hemosiderin deposition and a rim enhancing possible extra-axial fluid collection at the right paramidline vertex. Similar lesions were described in prior reports and may represent sequela of prior toxoplasmosis infection. There is no associated edema to suggest an acute infectious process however clinical correlation is essential. 2. No evidence of ischemic stroke as clinically questioned. 3. Extensive white matter changes nonspecific. 4. Fine loss greater than expected for patient's stated age.