Diseases: ['normal', 'normal', 'normal', 'toxoplasmosis', 'hydrocephalus']
FINDINGS:

There are 3 focal lesions of abnormal enhancement in the brain. The largest one measures 7.5mm and is located in the right caudate head. This lesion has ring enhancement and a rim of T2/flair high signal likely vasogenic edema. The center of the lesion appears to have restricted diffusion. The second lesion is smaller (approximately 4mm) appears to have ring enhancement as well and is located in the right frontal lobe cortex. There is small area of T2/flair high signal in the location of the lesion corresponding with vasogenic edema as well. No restricted diffusion in this lesion. The third lesion is less than 2mm in diameter located in the white matter of the left frontal lobe (series 13 image 23) with no associated edema or restricted diffusion. There are multiple T2/flair high signal foci in the periventricular subcortical and deep white matter likely small vessel ischemic disease. There is no abnormal mass or enhancement of the orbits. The globes are normal. The ventricles and sulci are normal in size and configuration. The visualized paranasal sinuses are normal. The calvarium is normal in marrow signal.
IMPRESSION:

1. 3 lesions of abnormal enhancement: one in the basal ganglia- right caudate head second is cortical - right frontal lobe  third in the white matter of the left frontal lobe. These lesions may represent atypical infection (i.e. aspergillosis) septic emboli or less likely chloromas. 2. Normal MRI of the orbits. **ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST CHANGE: ATTENTION: There are significant changes to the preliminary report as follows : There is evidence of abnormal enhancement of the right optic nerve head which appears elevated. There is abnormal signal in the posterior portion of the globe on the axial T2 weighted scans see image 15 series 3. This could reflect extension of the process in the optic nerve head or dependent blood products in this patient with known vitreous hemorrhage. There is bilateral prominence of the optic nerve sheaths likely enlarged and some peripheral enhancement of the sheaths somewhat more evident on the right than left but still present on the left see image 16 series 11. While unilateral papilledema is a consideration in light of the brain lesions infection or leukemic infiltrate would seem more likely. I understand the patient has a vitreous hemorrhage which I think would favor the diagnosis of an infection and particularly aspergillus. The optic nerves otherwise are unremarkable the optic chiasm appears normal there is no evidence of suprasellar mass. The left optic nerve and orbit appears normal. While there is a suggestion of punctate restricted diffusion in the center of the right caudate lesion it is much smaller than the cavity of the ring and the appearance would favor an atypical infection such as Aspergillus or toxoplasmosis. While unilateral papilledema is a consideration I think it unlikely. The prominent optic nerve sheaths enhancement and prominent temporal horns would suggest the possibility of a communicating hydrocephalus with elevated CSF pressure. If a spinal tap is indicated and prudent measurement of opening pressure would be interest.