Diseases: ['toxoplasmosis']
FINDINGS:

There has been significant interval change with transtentorial herniation of the cerebellum. This area also appears to have ischemic changes of the brain stem and medial cerebellum as it is also demonstrating restricted diffusion and extensive new edema and T2 signal abnormality since the previous exam. There is also new abnormal FLAIR signal in the cisterns and sulci worrisome for diffuse meningitis given patient's history. This can also be seen in the setting of high-oxygen ventilation or subarachnoid hemorrhage and clinical correlation recommended. There is also abnormal FLAIR signal in the left caudate with restricted diffusion worrisome for infarct. There are multiple restricted diffusion abnormalities including brainstem and left genu of corpus callosum the corpus callosal abnormality may be related to infarct as well the brainstem lesions could be attributable to infection as well as infarction as there is also suggestion of ring-enhancing lesions here. The enhancing lesion in the left cerebellum and left parieto-temporal region are less conspicuous on today's study. The ventricles are also increased in size since the previous exam worrisome for obstruction as there has also been interval placement of a right frontal VP shunt terminating in the anterior horn of the right lateral ventricle.
IMPRESSION:

1. Transtentorial herniation (seen on previous CT examination) with ischemia of the brainstem and cerebellum. There may be also element of superimposed infection of the brainstem with subtle ring-enhancing lesions. Note that although fungal infection could cause these findings toxoplasmosis can cause ring-enhancing abscesses as well as rhombencephalitis.2. Probable infarcts of the left basal ganglia right insular region both thalami and corpus callosum and extensive ischemic changes in the cerebellum and brain stem. Consider vasculitis or septic emobli.3. Previous enhancing lesions are less conspicuous on today's exam.4. Bilateral mastoiditis.5. Abnormal leptomeningeal signal may be infectious in etiology vs due to ventilation.Key findings discussed with neurosurgery service and infectious disease service.