Diseases: ['toxoplasmosis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

There are T2 and flair hyperintensity areas in bilateral cerebral hemispheres including the basal ganglia deep and subcortical white matter and periventricular white matter. Foci of hyperintensity in the left cerebellar hemisphere are also present. These correlate to the previously seen regions of enhancement on the prior MRI consistent with the patient's history of toxoplasmosis. No enhancement or mass effect is seen on the current examination to suggest active disease. White matter T2 and flair hyperintensity in the bilateral centrum semiovale becomes confluent and now there is progression of generalized cerebral volume loss with thinning of the corpus callosum prominent ventricles and sulci. This is consistent with HIV encephalitis/encephalopathy toxic exposure or posttreatment changes. There is no acute infarction intracranial hemorrhage or extracerebral fluid collection. Susceptibility of the left posterior temporoparietal region correlates to a region of calcification seen on CT consistent with the patient's history of large toxoplasmosis lesion in this area. There is an air-fluid level of the left maxillary sinus and possibly right sphenoid sinus. Mucosal thickening of the sphenoid ethmoid and frontal sinuses is present. There are some areas of T1 hyperintensity and signal dropout correlating to hyperattenuation on CT especially in the posterior right ethmoid air cell which may reflect inspisated secretion/concretion or fungal element. The mastoid air cells are clear. The orbits are unremarkable. Appropriate flow voids are seen in the major intracranial vessels.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple foci of signal of rally of the cerebral and cerebellar parenchyma as above correlating to the patient's previous toxoplasmosis lesions. No enhancement or edema on the current examination is identified to suggest active disease. 2. Confluent white matter signal hyperintensity in the bilateral centrum semiovale nonspecific but may be related to HIV encephalitis toxic exposure or posttreatment changes. Generalized parenchymal volume loss may be associated with this finding. 3. Air-fluid level of the left maxillary sinus and possibly right sphenoid sinus. Correlate clinically for acute sinusitis. There are some areas of inspisated secretion/concretion or fungal element especially in the posterior right ethmoid air cell. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: 1. The confluent white matter T2 hyperintensity in bilateral centrum semiovale ovale with involvement of the subcortical white matter may also reflect PML. 2. Interval development of nonenhancing/non-hemorrhagic/non-restricted diffusion T2 hyperintensity with mild expansion of the right medial temporal lobe (series 3 and 4 image 13 and series 6 image 13-14) probably reflecting recent seizure activity and to be followed for appropriate resolution.