Diseases: ['toxoplasmosis', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple foci of abnormal increased signal intensity on long-TR images left greater than right frontal and parietal lobes as well as left temporal lobe. The pattern is mostly subcortical and multi-focal though there is some cortical involvement most notably left parietal and medial frontal regions. These foci do not showed decreased diffusion rather diffusion is facilitated. On post-contrast imaging there is enhancement which appears multifocal and nodular again left more than right with only  mostly sub-centimeter and in subcortical and cortical locations. U-fibers are involved in some locations and not in others. Number of enhancing foci as too numerous to count. At one location (left postcentral gyrus) suspect subtle leptomeningeal enhancement and there is also increased intensity on FLAIR images medial frontal sulci suspect at least some leptomeningeal/subarachnoid space involvement but this pattern is not as striking as the other signal abnormalities. Some of the enhancing foci are in a periventricular location one along the superior aspect of the left thalamus adjacent to lateral ventricle but relative sparing of deep gray matter structures. No findings in posterior fossa. There is no midline shift or substantial mass effect associated very minimal local sulcal effacement adjacent to some of the larger lesions but not striking. Comparing to prior MRI these findings are essentially new. The few diffusion-bright foci have evolved appropriately since August 12 2010 study and do not seem associated with current findings and multiple tiny nonspecific white matter hyperintensity seen previously have not significantly changed. Suspect there may be minimal blood products associated with at least some of these no convincing T1-bright signal intensity before contrast but slight dark signal on T2-weighted images in many instances. No convincing hemorrhage on CT however. Findings are otherwise concordant with CT/CTA findings. Again seen is artifact near anterior communicating artery complex consistent with previously coiled aneurysm. No change.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple enhancing nodular foci which are subcentimeter in diameter and are associated with a moderate amount of primarily subcortical edema although there is some cortical involvement as well as detailed above possible minimal subarachnoid space/leptomeningeal involvement in some locations and a few foci along ventricular margins as well. Diffusion-weighted images show facilitated diffusion associated with these foci though suspect there may be minimal blood products without additional mass effect associated with enhancing foci. Differential diagnosis includes embolic foci as from endocarditis or perhaps related to known left carotid dissection but explanation for right parietal and periventricular foci would be unclear in this event and diffusion findings would argue for event(s) greater than two weeks old. Infectious/inflammatory processes are also considerations including vasculitis. Doubt demyelinating process with this pattern. If there is immune compromise infectious disorders including toxoplasmosis could be considered. Metastatic foci unlikely in this setting. Discussed with Dr. Goldberg neurology consults and acknowledged 1400 hours 9/11/2010. 2. Previously coiled anterior communicating artery aneurysm.