Diseases: ['lymphoma', 'metastasis', 'toxoplasmosis', 'meningioma']
FINDINGS:

Heterogeneous signal mass centered on the left basal ganglia involving the left thalamus with surrounding signal abnormality corresponding to at least some vasogenic edema extending along deep white matter tracts. Signal abnormality involves left greater than right hypothalamus as well and extends into midbrain and along left optic tract. There is partial effacement of the frontal horn and atrium of the left lateral ventricle as well as the third ventricle. There is a 4 mm of midline shift to the right. Areas of restricted diffusion are present within the lesion suboptimal evaluation in this regard given motion during sequence acquisition. There is heterogeneous enhancement on postcontrast imaging. There was a question of mild blood products on source images from the motion degraded perfusion sequence density on comparison CT could be explained by blood products vs. cellularity. Calcified enhancing extra-axial left parafalcine lesion most likely a meningioma. There is a small area of cortically based susceptibility seen in the right parietal region with some probable cortical thinning likely representing an old small infarct. No enhancement or convincing diffusion abnormality suspect this is not related to dominant lesion.
IMPRESSION:

1. Heterogeneous enhancing mass left basal ganglia with surrounding vasogenic edema most suspicious for lymphoma given history. Primary high grade glioma is a less likely consideration metastasis unlikely. Infectious/inflammatory etiologies such as toxoplasmosis are not excluded and could have a similar appearance. Advanced imaging other than the suboptimal diffusion tensor imaging was unsuccessful as the patient could not cooperate with exam. 2. Left parafalcine meningioma. Probable old small peripheral right parietal chronic infarct with blood products less likely related to primary process. Follow up recommended for these and above findings. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agree with this report.