Diseases: ['hematoma', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Images mildly degraded from motion artifacts. Focal area of diffusion hyperintensity is seen in the left parietal region favored to be secondary to presence of blood products/ organizing hematoma over acute infarction in residual brain tissue. Patient is status post left-sided craniotomy for a left MCA stroke with extensive areas of encephalomalacia in the left MCA territory with ex vacuo dilatation of the left lateral ventricle consistent with provided history. Wallerian degeneration in the brain stem. Multiple linear/ dot-like areas of susceptibility on the gradient sequence likely represent mineralization. Additional focal areas of susceptibility in the left frontal lobe and in the left parieto-occipital sulci may be secondary to presence of blood products. Thin sliver of extra-axial FLAIR hyperintensity predominantly in the left temporal convexity see image number 16 of series 2 may represent small amount of subdural fluid. Component of hemorrhage not excluded. Focal susceptibility with some associated hyperintense flair signal in the right frontal see image number 27-29 of series 2 and series 3 likely from prior shunt placement. No shift of midline structures hydrocephalus or effacement of basal cisterns. Asymmetric appearance of the left parotid gland. Visualized paranasal sinuses show evidence of mild mucosal disease.
IMPRESSION:

1. Focal area of diffusion hyperintensity in the left parietal region is favored to be secondary to presence of blood products/ organizing hematoma. 2. Patient is status post left-sided craniotomy for a left MCA stroke with extensive areas of encephalomalacia. Multiple linear/dot-like areas of susceptibility likely represent mineralization. Additional focal areas of susceptibility in the left frontal lobe and in the left parieto-occipital sulci may be secondary to presence of blood products. 3. Thin sliver of extra-axial FLAIR hyperintensity predominantly in the left temporal convexity may represent small amount of subdural fluid. Component of hemorrhage not excluded. Follow up CT is recommended for further evaluation.