Diseases: ['infarction', 'hematoma']
FINDINGS:

Brain: There is abnormal T2 prolongation with associated swelling of the midbrain right cerebral peduncle and right thalamus. There is also abnormal T2 prolongation within the posterior limb of the right internal capsule pons (greater on right) tegmentum or bilateral pons/midbrain extending into the superior cerebellar peduncles. There is associated susceptibility concerning for blood products within the right midbrain right cerebral peduncle and inferior-medial right thalamus with associated patchy restricted diffusion at this site. The restricted diffusion could be due to infarction or blood products. The other described areas of T2 prolongation do not show definite restricted diffusion There are scattered areas of T2 prolongation within the periventricular and subcortical white matter nonspecific but likely representative of small vessel ischemic white matter changes. There is a probably small old infarction within the right frontal lobe with associated encephalomalacia. There are old very small infarctions in the bilateral cerebellar hemispheres. There is no extra-axial fluid collection or midline shift. The basal cisterns are patent. A small flow void remains present in the basilar artery. The paranasal sinuses are diffusely opacified with several air-fluid levels. The mastoid air cells are partially opacified bilaterally. There is an oral route tube partially visualized. C-spine: There is abnormal soft tissue within the ventral epidural space contiguous with the dens from the inferior aspect of the clivus to the C1-C2 level. Again noted are areas of lysis at the tip of the dens and the posterior margin of the dens. This causes moderate-severe narrowing of the spinal canal with ventral contour deformity and posterior displacement of the upper cervical spinal cord. There are mild spondylotic changes within the remainder of the cervical spine. No gross malalignment with the exception of minimal anterolisthesis of C7 on T1 felt to be related to degenerative facet arthrosis. There is no definite abnormal cord signal. There is mild hyperintense signal within the C3-C4 disc space without vertebral body edema felt to be degenerative. There is fluid within the pharynx. There is retropharyngeal soft tissue edema. No definite evidence of ligamentous injury.
IMPRESSION:

1. Abnormal T2 signal within the right thalamus and internal capsule midbrain and pons as described. Abnormal susceptibility in the right midbrain right cerebral peduncle and inferior-medial right thalamus suspicious for blood products. Patchy restricted diffusion at same site as blood products may be due to susceptibility or associated infarction. The majority of abnormal signal is without restricted diffusion and may represent ischemia edema and/or a component of acute wallerian degeneration. 2. Abnormal epidural soft tissue at C1-C2 with associated spinal canal narrowing and cord displacement. Given C2 (dens) erosions which are contiguous with the soft tissue favor inflammatory arthritic etiology. Epidural hematoma or neoplastic etiologies are felt to be less likely. No definite ligamentous injury. Dr. Chen was notified of these findings by phone at 6:30 p.m. on 4/1/2009.