Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There is a shunt catheter traversing the left frontal lobe withits tip in the left lateral ventricle of the level of the foramenof Monro. The shunt catheter reservoir along the left temporalsubcutaneous scalp soft tissues does cause artifact.There is encephalomalacia involving the left insula left superiortemporal lobe and left inferior frontal lobe (posterioroperculum). There is also focal encephalomalacia of the posteriorleft thalamus and posterior left putamen. On susceptibilityweighted sequences there is signal loss in these correspondingareas of encephalomalacia consistent with hemosiderin depositiongiven patient's history of prior hemorrhage. There is associatedex-vacuo dilatation of the left lateral ventricle as well assurrounding T2 hyperintense signal superior to the regions ofencephalomalacia. Abnormal T2 hyperintensity is also noted alongthe left frontal shunt catheter tract. There is focal T2hyperintense signal along the left cerebral peduncle likelysecondary to Wallerian degeneration.There is also a focal area of encephalomalacia lateral to the leftoccipital horn in the posterior inferior left temporal lobe andtemporal occipital junction. This is associated with hemosiderinstaining.There is a second area encephalomalacia in the right inferiorcerebellum. There is abnormal T2/FLAIR hyperintensity within theright middle cerebellar peduncle extending into the rightcerebellar hemisphere. There is associated volume loss as well assignal loss on susceptibility weighted sequences this may be fromprior hemorrhage. The patient has had a right suboccipitalcraniectomy.Diffusion weighted imaging demonstrates no convincing foci ofrestriction.The right cerebrum demonstrates normal gray matter and gray/whitedifferentiation. There is scattered subcortical andperiventricular white matter foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensityconsistent with small vessel ischemic changes. The right thalamiand basal ganglia are unremarkable. No enhancing lesions are seenin the brain. There is diffuse dural enhancement presentthroughout the calvarium likely secondary to the indwellingcatheter and prior right suboccipital craniectomy.The orbits are unremarkable. Note is made of a polyp versusretention cyst in the left frontal sinus as well as bilateralethmoidal air cell and right sphenoid sinus mucosal thickening.There is trace mucosal thickening in the right maxillary sinus.The mastoid air cells are unremarkable. The visualized pharynx andparapharyngeal soft tissues are normal.There is patency of the intracranial circulation including thebilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distalbranches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. The left vertebral artery isdominant. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysmformation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysmsunder 5 mm.
IMPRESSION:

1. Regions of encephalomalacia involving the left insula leftsuperior temporal lobe left inferior frontal lobe posterior leftthalamus and posterior left putamen as described with associatedhemosiderin deposition consistent with patient's known priorhemorrhage. Second region of encephalomalacia involving the rightinferior cerebellum with associated T2/FLAIR hyperintensity andsignal loss on susceptibility weighted images likely represents asecond area of old intraparenchymal hemorrhage. Third regioninvolves the posterior inferior left temporal lobe and temporaloccipital junction lateral to the occipital horn. No diffusionrestriction to suggest acute ischemia.2. No aneurysms or vascular malformations. No clinicallysignificant stenoses.Transcribed by: Interface TalkStationLast Edited by: Interface TalkStation