Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Post surgical changes consistent with transphenoidal surgery are again noted at skull base evolving appropriately since the prior study. Redemonstrated is a mass centered in sella with suprasellar extension and fairly homogeneous enhancement. A small surgical defect is seen along anterior inter aspect of the mass which has decreased since the prior study. The superior aspect of the mass has dropped a little inferiorly since prior studies but the overall volume of the mass is fairly similar overall otherwise. Involvement of the left cavernous sinus is likely and this appears stable. Motion minimally degrades detailed but there is no convincing compression of the optic chiasm with mass in proximity but similar relationship optic nerves and chiasm not well delineated. There is minimal dorsal extension in the prepontine cistern remodeling of the sella as seen previously Prior bilateral frontotemporal craniotomies redemonstrated. Again seen is a probable retention cyst in the right maxillary sinus. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. The ventricles and CSF spaces are symmetric and minimally to moderately prominent for age some of which is ex vacuo dilatation with contribution from areas of encephalomalacia right greater than left anterior temporal and frontal lobes suspect old trauma vs. postsurgical/postttreatment changes. There are other foci of increased attenuation in deep periventricular subcortical white matter or more diffuse and this also includes cerebral peduncles symmetrically which may indicate component of wallerian degeneration similar pattern to prior. Dural enhancement over convexities is similar. No convincing parenchymal abnormal enhancement in the brain.
IMPRESSION:

1. Postsurgical changes of bilateral craniotomies and a transphenoidal surgery foci of encephalomalacia and other scattered signal at rmal these remain stable since prior study as detailed above. 2. Enhancing mass expanding the sella with mild suprasellar extension but stable relationship to optic chiasm evolving postsurgical changes with slight decrease in superior inferior extent in center of lesion but otherwise stable though substantial residual enhancing neoplasm including left cavernous sinus involvement.