Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Brain MRI: As seen on the prior head CT of 4/30/2012 there is very extensive cystic encephalomalacia involving the most of the right cerebral hemisphere sparing the ACA and PCA territories consistent with evolution of right MCA infarct demonstrated on 10/2011 studies. Changes of right craniectomy. Increased mild protrusion of the areas of cystic encephalomalacia at the craniectomy defect in comparison to the prior CT. Encephalomalacia also involves the right basal ganglia with Wallerian degeneration extending into the right midbrain. Marked ex vacuo dilatation of the right lateral ventricle and also enlargement of the left lateral and third ventricles reflecting cerebral volume loss progressed from the prior CT. No midline shift. Patent basal cisterns. Areas of diffusion signal abnormality within the right hemisphere areas of encephalomalacia that may be related to loculated proteinaceous collection mineralization and/or blood products. No evidence of acute infarct or acute intracranial hemorrhage. Opacification of left mastoid air cells consistent with mastoiditis. Opacification of a few right mastoid air cells. Head MRA: Study somewhat degraded by motion. In the anterior circulation the right MCA is occluded at its origin. There is somewhat decreased flow related enhancement in the intracranial right internal carotid artery and right A1 segment without focal stenosis. Flow related enhancement is maintained within the right ophthalmic artery and the right posterior communicating artery. The intracranial left internal carotid artery as well as the left A1 and M1 segments appear patent. In the posterior circulation there is attenuation of flow-related enhancement in the bilateral vertebral arteries as they pass intradurally with normal flow more distally. The basilar artery and its distal branches appear patent noting somewhat hypoplastic right P1 segment. No evidence of intracranial aneurysm. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 5 mm. Neck MRA: There is common origin of the innominate and left common carotid artery a normal anatomic variant. The common carotid internal carotid and external carotid arteries appear patent in the neck. Specifically the carotid bifurcations appear patent. The vertebral artery origins and cervical segments are patent.
IMPRESSION:

1. Sequela of right MCA infarct with extensive right cerebral hemisphere cystic encephalomalacia and Wallerian degeneration. Redemonstrated right craniectomy changes with mild protrusion of areas of encephalomalacia at the craniectomy defect. 2. Marked ex vacuo dilatation of the right lateral ventricle and enlargement of the left lateral third ventricles related to cerebral volume loss. 3. Occlusion of the right MCA at its origin. Otherwise no definite areas of focal stenosis in the intracranial circulation. 4. Patent neck vasculature.