Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There are stable post-operative changes with right frontal craniotomy with a surgical cavity centered in the left frontal operculum and extensive associated susceptibility and hemosiderin staining in the left frontal lobe and frontal operculum. There is old blood products and coarse calcifications in the surgical cavity. Extensive surrounding T2 prolongation in the left frontal and posterior temporal lobes without significant associated mass effect or enhancement is stable. There is no convincing pathologic enhancement in or surrounding the surgical cavity. There are encephalomalacic changes in the left frontal lobe and frontal operculum with associated ex vacuo dilatation of the left lateral ventricle. In addition there is encephalomalacia in the left lentiform nucleus with surrounding hemosiderin staining likely sequela from prior basal ganglial hemorrhage. There is a T2/FLAIR signal abnormality extending into the left cerebral peduncle and midbrain consistent with Wallerian degeneration. There is mild cerebral volume loss. There are scatter foci of subcortical and periventricular T2 prolongation nonspecific may reflect early sequela of chronic small vessel ischemia. No restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarction. No intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection mass effect midline shift or hydrocephalus. Expected flow voids of major intracranial vessels are present at the skull base. Mild mucosal changes in the ethmoid air cells. MR perfusion: Suboptimal due to presence of susceptibility artifact in the left frontal lobe. However there is no striking elevation of rCBV in areas of T2 prolongation where there are little susceptibility artifact. Spectroscopy: Multi-voxel short and intermediate TE spectroscopic interrogation is suboptimal due to presence of susceptibility artifact. There is decreased metabolite in the areas interrogate and no convincing tumor spectrum.
IMPRESSION:

1. Stable appearance of the brain with resection cavity in the left frontal operculum with associated encephalomalacia calcification and susceptibility/hemosiderin staining. Extensive surrounding T2 prolongation as described above is stable without mass effect and convincing enhancement most consistent with treatment effect. 2. Advance imaging is confounded by susceptibility. However spectroscopic and perfusional data do not support presence of neoplasm. See above. 3. Old left lentiform nucleus hemorrhage with associated Wallerian degenertion.