Diseases: ['aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Decreased intensity consistent with aneurysm coils medial to right cavernous carotid artery and extending into the sella slight irregularity of flow-related enhancement base (series 2 image 21) may indicate very mild residual. No significant change since the prior study except for improved quality of study. No convincing residual on contrast enhanced acquisition. Left MCA branches are small compared to right consistent with known infarct. Circle of Willis anatomic variations are demonstrated including hypoplastic or absent right A1 fetal origin right PCA small right intradural vertebral artery terminating in PICA fenestration right ACom/A2 junction. In the brain chronic left MCA territory infarct is noted extent concordant with prior but no previous parenchymal dedicated imaging. Ex vacuo dilatation of left lateral ventricle is consistent as is thinning of the corpus callosum and Wallerian degeneration extends to left cerebral peduncle and medulla. Occasional T2-bright small foci elsewhere in deep and subcortical white matter are nonspecific and mild in extent. Scattered hyperintensities also noted infratentorial cerebellum uncertain etiology these and other foci supratentorial possibly chronic ischemic. Susceptibility artifact is noted inferior frontal/insular region on the left and also medial occipital lobe on the left which appears separate from occipital horn and consistent with blood products and/or mineral no comparison to assess for change. No acute findings on diffusion-weighted images. Focus of susceptibility left frontal lobe seem to be in proximity to left MCA bifurcation on T2 weighted images but this is not confirmed on the MR angiographic images favor parenchymal location (see also December 5 2012 conventional angiogram which favored mineral). Inflammatory changes paranasal sinuses are noted to relatively mild in degree and without fluid level. Probable submucosal cyst right nasopharynx incidentally noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. Very small residual base of coiled aneurysm on the right probably stable. No substantial change since December 6 2012 MRA except for improved quality on today's exam. 2. Chronic left MCA infarct with foci of hemosiderin and/or dystrophic calcification left inferior frontal and left occipital lobes. No acute findings.