Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There are no suspicious foci parenchymal or meningeal enhancement. There are no focal regions of mass effect. Encephalomalacic changes are redemonstrated of the medial aspect right temporal lobe/hippocampus medial right occipital lobe and inferior aspect right cerebellar hemisphere secondary to remote prior right posterior cerebral artery and posterior inferior cerebellar artery infarctions. There is secondary ex vacuo ventricular dilatation of the temporal horn right lateral ventricle and right lateral aspect fourth ventricle. There is mild susceptibility associated with the right occipital infarct consistent with hemosiderin staining. There are other smaller foci scattered throughout the cerebellum consistent with prior ischemic events. Right pontine and right thalamic lacunar infarcts are redemonstrated. There is a new left thalamic lacune. There is similar appearing in decreased volume of the right cerebral peduncle and right ventrolateral pons consistent with Wallerian degeneration. There is extensive T2/FLAIR hyperintensities of the deep and periventricular white matter and to lesser degree in the subcortical white matter which is nonspecific however likely reflective of sequela of microvascular ischemic changes and similar in appearance to prior exam. There are new foci of encephalomalacia within the frontal deep white matter most conspicuously within the rostral body and left genu of the corpus callosum. There are no extra-axial fluid collections. Mild generalized parenchymal volume loss. There is unchanged T2 hyperintensity within the proximal intracranial right vertebral artery which is unchanged from prior exam and may represent sequela of slow flow versus chronic occlusion. There is slight interval decrease conspicuity of the distal left anterior cerebral artery flow void which may reflect diminished flow versus possible occlusion. Unchanged hypointense appearance of the imaged dens and anterior arch of C1 possibly related to adjacent pannus/ degenerative change formation. The patient is status post bilateral cataract resection. Mild maxillary and ethmoidal mucosal changes are noted.
IMPRESSION:

1. No suspicious parenchymal or meningeal enhancement to suggest metastasis. 2. New foci of encephalomalacia most conspicuously within the genu and body of the corpus callosum and the left thalamus consistent with interval infarctions which appear chronic. There is no evidence of restricted diffusion to suggest acute ischemia. Sequela of prior right posterior cerebral artery and right posterior-inferior cerebral artery infarctions as detailed with right thalamic and right pontine lacunae similar to prior exam. 3. Decrease conspicuity of flow void expected for left anterior cerebral artery distally. While this could be artifactual this may be also seen in the setting of slow flow or occlusion. Abnormal T2 hyperintensity within the proximal right intracranial vertebral artery could also represent slow flow or occlusion. This could be further assessed with dedicated MRA or CTA as clinically warranted. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I agree with the preliminary report without modification. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.