Diseases: ['encephalomalacia', 'encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Again seen are changes compatible with right frontotemporal craniotomy with resection cavity right frontal lobe anteriorly. There is extra-axial fluid collection over the anterior right frontal convexity which appears stable in volume compared to February 24 2009 study. There is enhancement along the outer aspect along the dura which is probably similar intensity of the fluid follows the CSF on T1 and T2-weighted images but is increased in intensity on FLAIR images not seen previously but this may reflect alteration in protein content within the collection but is not diffusion bright to suggest infection. Signal increase on long-TR images is again seen around the resection cavity increasing minimally superiorly compared to February 4 2009 but otherwise relatively stable. There is enhancement along the posteromedial aspect of the resection cavity corresponding to areas previously seen to have cytotoxic edema on February 7 and 24 2009 studies and malacic changes in this location confirms this. A similar focus is seen along the anterolateral aspect of the resection cavity (series 4 images 18-20). There is also enhancement along the superior aspect of the cavity which had shown cytotoxic edema as well but increase in edema around this region is concerning several weeks after the initial insult and progression in this location is possible. Also there is increase in enhancement along the posterolateral aspect of the resection cavity (series 9 image 17) where there is abnormal signal on FLAIR images and T2-weighted images which previously suggested nonenhancing neoplasm on February 5 2009 study. This was not diffusion-bright on comparison studies and suspect progression. There is however no increase in overall mass effect no midline shift. There is abnormal signal intensity in the right midbrain which has increased volume right cerebral peduncle slightly decreased over time findings consistent with wallerian degeneration. Additional nonspecific hyperintensities in the white matter which have remained stable. Paranasal sinuses are remarkable for sinonasal surgery on the right as seen previously. Appropriate intracranial flow voids are identified. Note is again made of probable small developmental venous anomaly right frontal lobe (series 9 image 21).
IMPRESSION:

1. Increase in enhancement posterolateral aspect resection cavity with persistent signal abnormality on long-TR images suspect progression. Enhancement along superior aspect of cavity is in location of previously demonstrated cytotoxic edema; however edema around this area has increased and there is not much encephalomalacia in this location so this may represent progression as well. 2. Enhancement and encephalomalacia posterior medial and anterolateral aspect of resection cavity consistent with evolving cytotoxic edema compared to February 2009 studies. 3. Postsurgical changes right frontotemporal region with persisting extra-axial collection which has remain stable in volume though signal characteristics have evolved over time which may reflect increasing protein content within it. Probable wallerian degeneration noted right brain stem.