Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There is redemonstration of left parietal cystic encephalomalacia associated with ex vacuo dilatation of left atrium and occipital horn and remodeling of inner table of left parietal bone. There is stable surrounding FLAIR hyperintensity anterior and medial to the area of cystic encephalomalacia which may reflect gliosis with relatively stable pattern overall since September 2011 outside comparison and more distant study September 7 2010 also obtained outside. Decreased volume left cerebral peduncle likely related to wallerian degeneration. Scattered tiny foci of FLAIR hyperintensity are also demonstrated in subcortical white matter of both frontal lobes nonspecific mild extent and appears stable. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage midline shift or herniation. No pathologic enhancement is demonstrated. Scattered mucosal thickening is noted in paranasal sinuses. A retention cyst is noted in the floor of right maxillary sinus which has minimally increased over time. There is some motion degradation limits detail on most sequences including DTI. Despite this tractography could be performed for some major fiber tracts as follows: Bilateral corticospinal tracts (CST) were visualized number of fibers on the left a little less than that on the right but expected course to sensory motor cortex and some fibers within 5 mm of the edge of the cavity and anteromedial to it. Inferior longitudinal and inferior frontal occipital fasciculus (ILF/IFOF) is also mapped bilaterally passes inferior to the cavity and left optic radiation (OR) also mapped at least in part tracking along the medial aspect of the ILF/IFOF also tracked in part. The left superior longitudinal fasciculus (SLF) could not be tracked the right is provided for reference. Note that lack of visualization of fibers does not necessarily indicate lack of important connectivity.
IMPRESSION:

1. Redemonstration of left parietal cystic encephalomalacia stable. 2. Tractography performed minimally limited by pathology and by some motion degradation. Bilateral CST bilateral ILF/IFOF and left OR tracked least in part but suspect not all of the inferior fibers on the left are visualized secondary to pathologic alteration. Left SLF could not be tracked. Series for review include series 601-602. Series for navigation are as follows: 701-postcontrast 3D T1-weighted 702-left OR 703-FLAIR 704-bilateral ILF/IFOF  705-precontrast 3D T1 weighted 706- bilateral CST. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST AGREEMENT: I have personally reviewed the images and agree with this report.