Diseases: ['infarction', 'infarction']
FINDINGS:

There are multiple foci restricted diffusion with some associated surrounding mass effect involving the left basal ganglia corona radiata patchy areas in the centrum semiovale and frontal and temporal white matter and also the posterolateral the internal capsule. Some of these foci demonstrate findings of a subacute course though there may be infarcts of slightly different ages. On post contrast sequences some of the areas of restricted diffusion demonstrate contrast enhancement consistent with subacute infarcts. Also the enhancement is limited to the area of diffusion abnormality which favors areas of subacute infarction rather than a tumor. The pattern of involvement is suggestive of MCA distribution involving the lenticulostriate arteries and possibly watershed areas in the deep white matter though involvement of the l of the internal capsule also suggests involvement of the anterior choroidal artery. The high signal coursing down the left corticospinal tract into the brainstem is likely due to early wallerian degeneration. No intracranial hemorrhage is visualized in the gradient susceptibility images. There are other scattered foci of T2/FLAIR hyperintensity is visualized in the periventricular and deep white matter. These are nonspecific findings but likely indicates changes of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. There is age-related volume loss. The calvarium is normal in marrow signal. The orbital contents are grossly unremarkable. The mastoid air cells and visualized paranasal sinuses are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Multiple foci of acute/subacute infarcts involving deep left cerebral white matter basal ganglia and posterior limb of internal capsule. Extending into the left cerebral peduncle as above. Some of these foci demonstrate postcontrast enhancement which is limited to the areas of diffusion abnormality suggestive of subacute infarction and the enhancement favors infarction rather than tumor. A dedicated vascular imaging either CTA or MRA suggested for further evaluation. Follow-up MRI would also be useful. 2. T2/FLAIR hyperintensities in the periventricular and deep white matter suggestive of changes of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Findings discussed with Dr. Panzer from Neurology at time of interpretation.