Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

There are extensive encephalomalacic changes in the right frontal right temporal lobes right basal ganglia extending into the subinsular region as well as the internal capsule. Multiple lacunar infarcts are noted one seen in the left thalmus left subinsular region and in the periventricular region of the anterior horn of the left lateral ventricle. There is Wallerian degeneration of the right cerebral peduncle as well as the most superior aspect of the right pons cooncordant with the CT . There are extensive confluent as well as multifocal regions of increased signal intensity in the periventricular white matter in the subcortical and deep white matter in the deep gray matter of the basal ganglia and the white matter tracts of the corpus striatum and there are few in the brainstem. These are not associated mass effect. Following contrast administration there is no pathologic enhancement. Dural enhancement along the right frontal convexity expected posoperatively. Focal curvilinear enhancement along the craniotomy site could represent the bypass but this study is not adequate for evaluation of bypass patency. Diffusion weighted images demonstrate no evidence of acute infarct. There is delay of time to peak in the right compared to left and in the MCA territory greater than ACA especially in regions of signal abnormality. The perfusion images demonstrate global decreased rCBV to the right cerebral hemisphere especially in areas with signal abnormality more preserved elsewhere in the anterior circulation outside the signal abnormality. There is global prolonged mean transit time in the right cerebral hemisphere worst in regions with signal abnormality but involving entire anterior circulation correlating with the abnormal rCBF. Also mild prolonged mean transit time in the left parasgittal white matter likely in a watershed zone.
IMPRESSION:

1. Extensive encephalomalacia of the right frontal right temporal lobes concordant with recent CT.2. Global decreased rCBV/ rCBF and prolonged MTT in the right cerebral hemisphere anterior circulation territories. Relative CBV is more preserved and symmetric compared to left outside of regions with signal abnormality on FLAIR images but rCBF and rMTT maps show entire right anterior circulation abnormal compared to left. The significance is difficult to interpret in the setting of proximal occlusion and bypass and interpretation further complicated by suspected prolonged MTT in left hemisphere. Note prior xenon CT perfusion study described left hemispheric abnormal perfusion as well as abnormal augmentation. Recent changes could be studied again with xenon CT perfusion for absolute measure of CBF with or without challenge study.3. Dedicated vascular imaging would be more useful to evaluate for the bypass.