Diseases: ['normal', 'encephalitis', 'encephalitis', 'encephalitis']
FINDINGS:

Images are severely degraded by motion artifact but combined imaging series show some diagnostic information. There is questionable flair hyperintensity in the bilateral insular cortex medial temporal lobes lateral wall of the right lateral ventricle bilateral hypothalami and mamillary bodies as well as inferior frontal lobes. The right medial temporal lobe demonstrates increased DWI signal. The ADC map is severely degraded by motion. Therefore presence of restricted diffusion cannot be assessed. There is also possible minimal enhancement in the right subinsular white matter seen on images 14 through 16 series 12 and images 16 and 17 series 11. There is mild asymmetric narrowing of the right lateral ventricle. There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage extracerebral fluid collection or midline shift. The cerebral volume is appropriate for the patient's stated age. The visualized paranasal sinuses mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities are clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Severely motion degraded study with questionable flair hyperintensity in bilateral insular cortex and right more than left medial temporal lobes as well as possible minimal enhancement in the right subinsular white matter. While asymmetric narrowing of the right lateral ventricle may represent a normal variant it may also be seen with underlying white matter edema with mass effect. If the above mentioned findings are real they could be seen with early infectious encephalitis such as herpes encephalitis especially given patients acute mental status change associated with fever. Other etiologies such as limbic encephalitis or seizure disorder are unlikely with this presentation. Clinical correlation is needed. 2. Patient has history of questionable alcohol abuse. Given acute change in mental status and questionable flair hyperintensity involving bilateral mamillary bodies Wernicke encephalopathy should be considered. 3. Repeat MRI imaging once the patient is able to tolerate the scan is recommended to confirm the findings. Discussed with Dr. Haswell at 1:17. FINAL ATTENDING