Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

Large left parieto-occipital hemorrhage has not significantly changed in size and demonstrates primarily T1 isointense and T2 hypointense signal consistent with acute blood (range of about 7 hours to 3 days in age). Surrounding edema is unchanged with redemonstration of sulcal effacement throughout the left cerebral hemisphere and stable left to right midline shift by about 6 mm. Subdural hemorrhage along the posterior falx and tentorium and intraventricular hemorrhage in the left lateral third and fourth ventricle are stable with no significant change in degree of hydrocephalus. Scattered areas of T2 prolongation in the bilateral frontal and parietal lobes correspond to areas of low attenuation seen on recent CT. Mild restricted diffusion is seen in the frontal lobes bilaterally indicating a component of subacute ischemia in these regions. The utility of diffusion imaging is limited by the presence of blood but there is no significant diffusion restriction surrounding the hematoma to suggest a large underlying infarct. Stable focal area of encephalomalacia in the right parietal lobe. Mild mucosal thickening in the paranasal sinuses. Small amount of fluid in the bilateral mastoid air cells. There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral distal vertebral arteries basilar artery and its distal branches the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. Right vertebral artery is dominant. The distal cortical branches including those near the large hematoma are not well evaluated with noncontrast MRA. There are no regions of focal stenosis or aneurysm formation. Please note MRA is less sensitive for those aneurysms under 4 mm. Flow voids are visualized in major superfical and deep venous structures. Cannot assess adequately for nearby cortical veins on provided imaging as there is extraaxial blood adjacent to hematoma.
IMPRESSION:

1. No significant interval change in large left parieto-occipital hematoma demonstrating signal characteristics compatible with an acute bleed. No convincing evidence of an underlying mass or vascular malformation. The distal cortical branches are poorly evaluated with noncontrast MRA and the possibility of small vessel abnormalities including vasculitis or mycotic aneurysm cannot be excluded. MRI/MRA with contrast or CTA may help better characterize more distal branches or underlying structural abnormalities with conventional angiography being the best test for mycotic aneurysm detection. 2. Intraventricular and subdural hemorrhage are also stable with no significant interval change in degree of hydrocephalus. Stable mass effect manifested by sulcal effacement in the left cerebral hemisphere and left to right midline shift. 3. Scattered areas of signal abnormality throughout the brain parenchyma most of which are likely related to evolving areas of ischemia/infarcts and correspond to the low attenuation changes seen on prior CT studies. No convincing evidence to suggest that an underlying infarct was the cause of the large left parietal hematoma. 4. Patency of the major intracranial arterial branches to the extent of visualization. Findings discussed with Dr. Milewski on 1/4/2009 at approximately 7:15 p.m. I certify that I have personally reviewed this examination and agreewith this report.