Diseases: ['encephalomalacia']
FINDINGS:

Punctate focus of restricted diffusion within the mid left cerebellar hemisphere likely focus of acute ischemia. No other areas of acute parenchymal ischemia are identified. Confluent T2/FLAIR signal abnormality within the left cerebral convexity white matter in a watershed distribution with mild associated volume loss and focal posterior left parieto-occipital lobe encephalomalacia. No associated restricted diffusion to suggest acute ischemia. Findings suggestive for chronic ischemic disease in the left internal white matter watershed pattern and perhaps in the left MCA PCA watershed area. Scattered nonspecific foci of FLAIR signal abnormality within the periventricular deep and subcortical cerebral white matter as well as the basal ganglia brainstem and cerebellar hemispheres and likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. Mild diffuse probable volume loss likely within limits for patient's stated age. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or extra-axial fluid collection. No mass-effect or midline shift. Basilar cisterns are patent. Mild mucosal thickening within the left maxillary sinus and anterior ethmoid air cells. Fluid-level within the left maxillary sinus may suggest more acute sinus disease in the appropriate clinical setting. Bilateral mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities are grossly clear.
IMPRESSION:

1. Punctate focus acute ischemis in the left cerebellar hemisphere. 2. Confluent left cerebral white matter signal abnormality following a watershed distribution with associated volume loss and left parieto-occipital lobe encephalomalacia. Vascular imaging i.e. CTA or MRA of the head and neck may be considered for further evaluation as clinically necessary. 3. Scattered signal abnormality within the cerebral white matter basal ganglia brainstem and cerebellar hemispheres likely related to small vessel ischemic disease. 4. Sinus disease as above. Possible acute disease within the left maxillary sinus. Clinical correlation recommended. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.