Diseases: ['aneurysm', 'aneurysm']
FINDINGS:

BRAIN: There is no restricted diffusion to suggest acute infarct. There are foci of encephalomalacia with surrounding gliosis involving the superior right frontal lobe and lateral right temporal lobe in keeping with sequela of prior insult. Scattered foci of FLAIR signal abnormality involving the periventricular and subcortical white matter are non-specific however likely the sequela of chronic small vessel ischemic disease. There is no parenchymal hemorrhage midline shift mass effect or extra-axial collection. There is diffuse cerebral volume loss advanced for age. Incidental note is made of xanthogranuloma of the left atrial choroid plexus. There is mild mucosal disease of the bilateral ethmoid air cells and right maxillary sinus. MRA COW: There is patency of the intracranial circulation including the bilateral intracranial internal carotid arteries and the A1 and M1 segments. There is atherosclerotic irregularity of the bilateral M2 segments however no hemodynamically significant stenosis. There is a inferiorly directed 2 mm aneurysm arising off the undersurface of the left cavernous segment ICA. There is a probable 1 mm aneurysm arising off the posterior surface of the left ophthalmic segment ICA directed posteromedially. There is a tiny infundibulum at the origin of the right posterior communicating artery. Findings were best seen on reformatted images viewed on Terarecon. Posteriorly the bilateral intradural vertebral arteries basilar artery and distal branches are patent and free of stenosis. The left vertebral artery is dominant.
IMPRESSION:

1. No evidence of acute stroke. Old insults of the right frontal and right temporal lobes superimposed on a background of probable chronic small vessel ischemic change. 2. Patency of the intracranial circulation as above. Inferiorly directed 2 mm aneurysm arising off the undersurface of the left cavernous segment ICA. Probable 1 mm aneurysm arising off the posterior surface of the left ophthalmic segment ICA directed posteromedially. ATTENDING RADIOLOGIST ADDITION: I agree with the preliminary report with the following additions: The above appearance of the left carotid artery may be due to atherosclerotic irregularity rather than aneurysms. I certify that I have personally reviewed the image and interpretation for this examination and agree with the findings in this report.